I lost it when I saw what sub this was in
Good for them. That's really impressive.
When you [YOLO a FD without doing any research or putting in any effort and it's successful.](https://i.imgur.com/6Z2tKyG.jpg)
Lol 80% loss. ONE OF US.
Mmm. Tell him thanks for the work then snatch up his investment for not paying taxes. I'm the Feds.
Or you know you date a slightly overweight girl she loses all the weight and comes out as gay and leaves you for her married Zumba instructor with a kid. Not speaking from experience or anything.
I only buy calls on my weight...
Buy the dip...

... ‘n dots
I think he got pretty cute too
The before picture is $SNAP and $GE
This is truly an amazing sight to see. Good for those 2. Being a fat fuck is not a good look or good for "life expectancy calls"
It's not the best investment, but at least he beat inflation. 
Damn she got cute
Why the fuck would you go to a gym to lose weight. Come to r/wsb and put your lunch money from mommy to fd’s and yolos.  

Always malnourished and always autistic 
#BULLISH
She is cute af
Fair fucking play. 

Amazing. My wife wants a new phone every 6 months and she has hers for 2 years?!?!
Only 2 years, that's some good shit
I follow these two on Insta, these two are truly inspiring your individuals, specially the wife Lexi, she is amazing. 
This should be on before/after, absolutely an amazing effort and achievement.

Not only is it a wonderful achievement you accomplished it together!

Relastionship goals right there!!

Fucking get on.


She’s one kid away from blowing up like a life raft. 
These people are real strong and disciplined people to lose all that weight in 2 years god bless them
This picture is literally a hate crime to 3/4 of reddit. Quarantine coming soon. 
i'd be curious to see what she looks like without clothes. Your skin loses its elasticity at that point so she's most likely packing a lot - (that's an understatement) of loose, wrinkly skin that isn't going anywhere - and her nipples are probably somewhere closer to her belly button...


Damn, she went from thiccccccc to thicc!!!

There are so many secretly hot girls around us all the time that we don't notice cause fat 
Congrats to you both!
The difference in their apparent wellbeing as reflected in their faces is obvious and startling 
Let’s  hope she don’t leave him and take his money. 
Imagine falling asleep and pulling the skin over yourself like a blanket.
That dude lost his titties
How do I buy calls on sloots?
The spandex is doing allot of work; in both pictures.
At least he waited to get those tats... otherwise they'd have been... weighted.
Next comes the affair
He held some heavy bags for a while, closed green though
If this was a wsb kinda guy, the before and after pictures would be swapped 
So much respect. I love it 
damn son two years they did work
Wow in two years that is a huge change. Well done!!!
Same phone and same phone cover over 2 years. That's impressive. Or is it fake?
I looooooooove posts like this!!! I don’t even know them but I’m so proud of them!!!
wow that is awesome. she looks awesome great job guys
She’ll cheat on him now ‘Cuz it felt so good for someone to pay attention to her.
just wait til she gets pregnant
Note. If you are olanning on making the same investment. All investments involve risk including risk of loss. Also lottery games are based on chance and should be played for entertainment purposes only.
Long term investments? He’s obviously not on this sub then. 
all that loose skin, her labia must be 6 feet long
Idk if anyone has posted this and it'll probably get buried. But this is fatgirlfedup on most social media platforms. She did lose this weight in 2 years. Combined they've lost >300lbs. They're still together and she's finally getting her skin removal surgery! 
Loose skin kinda a turn off. Tbh 
Isn't this called thinvesting 

She looks kind of like Jennifer Lawrence on the right 
R/wholesomememes
All I see here is that losses make happiness....

&#x200B;

Thanks $MU
She’s now definitely way above her 200 day moving average
Would this be going bullish or bearish?
His girl sure as fuck lost out though.
Spend long enough in any gym and you at least end up with a tattoo 
Wow!   That is impressive
looks great good work
Holy fuck well done to them 
Holy cow, that is some next level of dedication
WOOOOOW ! Great work both of you.
I don't know that many girls who lost over 100 lbs, but I can think of 3, and all of them ended up being horrible to the guys they managed to snare after losing the weight. They were some of the most notorious female cheaters I knew. My buddy actually brought one up last night, and we were speculating that maybe it's just their way at trying to "get back at men" for not finding them attractive when they were over 200 lbs.
Long-term investment? She's gonna leave him now...
By losing all that weight, they are shaming the people who don't want to make any effort to lose weight.
And they got to re-upholster the couch with all the spare skin
[deleted]
He got eclipsed

Damn her progress is inspiring. She grinded and earned every ounce of those gains. 

F
Imagine all the excess skin.
Until they get married and she balloons again.
Plot twist: that's a completely different girl
[deleted]
I tried to do this once and the chick got super mad at me.
The ol' fixer upper.
Holy shit, she's even got a good damn theigh gap
But the leftover folds
Bet they have wings like a sugarglider
This is how you do it ladies
Be physically attractive and you'll be treated like a queen 
It's not hard to work out, and guys are programmed to go after physically attractive women with mass in the right places 

This will piss feminists off to no end
Well done
[deleted]
You guys look completely different! Congrats!
There are definitely still major problems with the underlying assets.
Steve Cohen has already hired him at Point72
Not one of us
They lost so much on $MU calls they can’t afford to eat now&lives in a gym. Sad!
The phone looks absolutely massive in the right photo compared to the left.
Gtfo with this investment shit. We are wannabe traders around here 
When you get the health equivalent of a margin call, and then get your act together.
Dudes got the strongest hands, held them bags for 2 years.
I thought this was progresspics or pics and offed myself laughing when I saw it was wsb bc ofc it is 
I didn't notice until your comment and this has me dying lmao
There's alot of loss in this sub 
[deleted]
I’m crying in class please help
Wholesome comment in WSB? 
You know what's really REALLY impressive? Not becoming a huge fatass in the first place. 
What do you mean them? He got in shape and ditched the fatty.
Damn right! They look so much happier on the right, too! 
[deleted]
Like, dude just but a new pair of fucking glasses and haircut already
You can tell she's gorgeous even when she's overweight though.
That's.... Not the same girl, right?
WHAT THE FUCK
She was cute af beforehand. I dont get it.

Is there a sub for this? Fat chicks turning super hot?
What's that mean
Black dress shirts are hideous, she obviously left him.
She was bigger at the start, but she was not bad looking.  I'm probably reading too much into a picture, but she looks more genuine at the start.
[deleted]
Just wait for him to tweet "Considering marrying my girlfriend next year. Wedding secured." Then fine him his girlfriend.
there is a 4chan green text about this (possibly fiction but till)
Bro she probably has crazy skin folds from all that weight, don’t fuck with that 
IRS*
F
F
F
F
F
F
F
F
F
F
F
F
F
F
F
F
F
Ya hate to see it turn out like this.....
F
F
Ouch,  F
F
F
Tendies secured. 
and in the end, theta kills us all.
Username checks out 
My DD says they are NOT the ice cream of the future 
This is WSB afterall. U can safety make that statement without fear of ridicule and maybe even a few upvotes
An FD
short body fat
Can you picture the guy that approved their life insurance policies in 2016, doing the “reprimand me now assholes” dance?
>  Being a fat fuck is not a good look

idk man rick ross carries it pretty well. 
massive deflation
Deflation*
Only cause you cant see the burlap sacks of skin she is hiding under the clothes.
And do coke to trade all day long.
trade the wife
I think that's a different phone, similar case color. Also, a new phone every 6 months wtf
[deleted]
This is the same woman?? Lady on the left has a widow’s peak and the one on the right doesn’t. The hairline changing seems weird. 
"Could her and I be in the same canoe at the same time."
This guy incels
For now though.  Dat assssss!
Yeah, I could never hold those bags for two years. 
As a SJW cuck, the only thing I don't like about this is the title. They invested in each other. She may have been bigger but they were both fat. 
And we care about the outraged social justice warriors because.....
[deleted]
Dug down for this comment
Thanks for that horrible visual
>There are so many secretly hot girls around us all the time that we don't notice cause fat

Also secretly strong and aesthetic dudes (if effort is put in) who never eat enough or never go to the gym. Do yourself a favor and try it out. You might be the next elite strength athlete. The world deserves to see talent.
'murrica
I was literally talking about this to a buddy at a pub last night.

There was a table with a group of thiccccc ladies but you can easily tell they have the facial complexion with so much beauty potential.  It's a real shame.

It's quite a wonder how they let themselves to get that big when they're only around 30 yr olds.  I can't imagine what another 10 years would do to them.  Things just get harder as we get older.
[deleted]
I'd venture to say that upwards of 75%-90% of people are really decent looking, but most are lazy. So they get fat, and they're disgusting looking.
Mmmm...I am. 
$SBUX $LULU $ULTA $AAPL
nice
nigga you don't like handles?
Uhhh should we tell him? 
Once he pays for her skin removal she's gone.  But if he keeps the skin he can build another one of her.
Ehh it’s a depreciating asset. It will never be there forever anyway
2 years is not bad at all for that kind of return... 
Not pictured is the 10 lbs of skin that still hangs from her waist. Just like us when our bags finally pay off, the hidden damage remains deep.
I've held MU shares since LEXR.

Then sold before the pop. So I've paid my membership dues.
I reported for glorifying losses
RIP

&#x200B;

Buy TIPS only old people die here.
I was about to take this and repost it in wsb but then i came here
Im dyin 😂😂😂 can't even.....
or /r/pics 
Ban incoming
[deleted]
He didn't know he was here. Give him a pass.
But all he did was lose a good chunk of his portfolio so he's a terrible investor
Nah if I got that fat I would probs give up. Easier just to stay thin.
Ditched the fatty? 1 you're a dick because 2 thats the same girl. 
Nice
damn
[Oof](https://i.imgur.com/79M78bJ.png)

I vaguely remember reading when she did "trade up"
Its inevitable.
Not really sure about any of it.  This link points to two different outcomes.

https://www.tineye.com/search/fb33af6cc35cdb6e28df451f2f59cc7e67e64b7e/?domain=reddit.com&sort=score&order=desc
Damn. This comment thread is a mess. Half the people are posting pics from OP’s couple and not from this comment thread. 
He got contacts & a haircut eventually
She's not even that overweight or anything. It's just a really beautiful-but-slightly-chubby girl. No surprises that she would turn into the pic on the right. Hardly an ugly duckling story.
i think it is. lips, teeth, nose all look exactly same.
Definitely looks like the same girl...
She’s the same on the inside. dErP
She is! I follow her on Insta. Her name is Lexi and his is Danny and they've both last a bunch of weight. She used to weigh 485 lbs. and she's lost about 300 lbs. 
The girl in OP’s pic and the girl in Rah-Gubaba’s pic are very clearly different women. 
But girls are icky
[deleted]
This was more of a T H I C C chick turnin into a T H I N N  chicc
/r/progresspics
Reddit would have banned it if there was. 
/r/uglyduckling ? 
She was obese and unhealthy. Good for her for improving her health. 
Haha you weren’t the only one...
Yeah I thought he was thanking your mom too
He'll still be fucking his gf, they just won't be called a couple anymore.
She does. I looked at her IG. And all jokes aside, her being dedicated and her drive is dope amd attractive! The excess can be fixed with surgery.
Fuck the folds. 
bro, you throw some coconut oil on em and you must certainly can fuck with them you know what im saying?
Like a flying squirrel
Trendies secure more tendies 
Shut your whore mouth, the future is here and it's *dippin' dots*
No they are the ice cream of the futures
Found Sean Spicer!
snort body fat
He’s getting laid. One step above you.
Change is change. That’ll go away with time or surgery eventually
[deleted]
Rofl u boyz are savages
And there it was. Scrolled down until I saw this. Lmao. 
Survey says...


...BOOM HEADSHOT!
I’m more of a face guy anyway
Fatgirlfedup and discoveringdanny 
Yes same woman.
You got down-voted for your reasonable observation.

Oh reddit...
Rowboat, actually
[deleted]
Yah, I'm not getting this uneven in the looks department. 

The girl had a higher climb but I think their end point in the looks department is pretty even.
It's not like she had many investment options, she was definitely dating up.
Because reddit is banning subs left and right. Well mostly right but one token left sub (probably as an alibi when people correctly point out how much they're censoring right wingers) 
Yeah it's not the picture that's going to offend people. It's the WSB comments on the picture that will.
Oh really? Is that why it's been [reported 16 times already?](https://i.imgur.com/F4282ch.jpg)
DIG DUG
my pleasure. btw, here's her IG pic in a 2 piece. loose skin very much confirmed....

https://www.instagram.com/p/BoVVamplshC/

Good news! Surgery to remove excess skin is scheduled for October!


Well, now we know the real answer to those anxious questions from men and women in /r/loseit who want to lose weight but are afraid of loose skin because potential romantic partners would judge them 
Thanks! On it!
Mc Donald's, Fuck yeah!
Yeah, i am in the worst shape of my life right now, and in my 30s. Its not as easy anymore. Gotta keep trying. 
Well it starts around age 11. When girls start developing and discover  body image standards they are expected to adhere to. So maybe they are a little chunky. Or maybe they are normal weight. But either way, a large majority of girls will start to diet. For years. And every time you diet, 95% of the time, you gain it back, plus a little more. (Because weight loss is biochemically, environmentalIy and emotionally complex and difficult) I guarantee you that between every woman at that table they have spent thousands of dollars on diets, exercise equipment, trainers, diet books, you name it,  hundreds of hours tracking calories and creating food logs and have shed countless tears that they are overweight. “It’s a wonder they let themselves get that big?” That’s a comment completely lacking in even a modicum of insight.
I've thought the same for years. IMO most people ages 18 to early 50s(maybe) would look good if they just took care of themselves properly. If most people ate right, exercised, groomed themselves and dressed properly there would be a lot more attractive people in this world.
Noice 
No nigga, we don't like love handles. Who the fuck think muffin tops are cute?
those aren't love handles. They are love straps. Stretchy, possibly leathery straps.
True to WSB it looks like she's down ~65% since he started bagholding.
Not at all 😎
This was an actual risk-free investment for 2 years too. Score!
You cansn tone that up.

It's not a big issues if you lose weight at a steady rate
The guy lost his money (weight). And bought into a new investment. That’s all that’s going right here. 
It's a subreddit where only the finest, smartest, and knowledgeable gentlemen of the world congregate to discuss worldly matters typically of the financial variety. WSB is often touted as the 'Harvard Business School' of Reddit where the best and brightest share ideas on growing wealth, creating positive impact, and securing a brighter future for our children. 
You know how some people think buying stocks is risky?  This is a sub for people who got bored because it was too safe.
Think of this sub as like an involuntary charity, where people give all their money away to other people who aren't subbed to WSB.
It's a little bit like... Whenever you try doing something, but it almost always goes badly for you, so you try to do it with other people so you don't feel so stupid when it goes badly.  I'm sure there's a big German word to describe it.  

And every once in a while someone accidentally makes the right choice, and turns $15000 into $400,000.
A place where people pretend the stock market is a casino.
We make retarded bets with stock futures and lose money
The greatest financial minds in the world discuss investments here. Stick around and bring your money. You're gonna be rich. 
....and now you can lose your money like the rest of us
This is a high IQ sub.
And you won't with out a lot of dd fag
If you got that fat, you already gave up 
That's the joke
He's not wrong. This was on Reddit a long time ago. She traded up lol. 

Proof?
https://i.redd.it/653059w6ej5y.png

From her blog they broke up. And I guess she found her Chad. Both pics from her Tumblr that's still up. The writing is from a Reddit post nearly 5 years ago.
My nibba became a pimp 
> hot guys...

generous, google.
That’s the same dude in the third picture.
Damn, whatever fat chick posted that version with all the text was real upset. I hope she found a dude that's into fat chicks and ended up happy.
After she dumped him 😂😂😂
>not even that overweight

Wat
The couple in the comment's pic is different than OP's pic. You're thinking of @fatgirlfedup on Instagram
Yup. First pic is a cute couple. Second pic looks like a guy punching several tiers above his weight (pun not intended).
Does and autocorrect to amd on your phone?   How long have you been here?
> Autocorrects and to amd 

You belong here, my friend 
Or just weight lifting.
Better ride $AMD to perfection to afford it. She needs $50K+ in surgery. 
Fuck, the folds. 
[I'd like to buy one stock please. ](https://i.imgur.com/uNskrWJ.png)
The Pig of Wall Street
I get fucked by the market every day so fuck you
r/murderedbywords
Probably just surgery.
Only surgery 
If you had a wing suit, would you give it away?
There is absolutely no way she didn't already have surgery.  She would have flaps coming out of the bottom of her pants.
Yes, surgery. She's getting a lower body lift sometime in October.
[YOU LITERALLY NEED TO DO THIS.](https://1funny.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/young-fit-homer.jpg)

Seriously though that's kind of depressing that knowing that no matter how much self betterment you can do after being that overweight it's still necessary to have surgery to fix the damage done. Looking at this you can really see how obesity truly is a disease that can leave you damaged. 
Sweet mother of pearl 
[deleted]
A solution to injury would be to compliment the pain killers with some nice little addies. Keeps the weight off and lets you focus 100% on a level 1 no death no bonfire Darksouls run
We’re safe my friend. Everyone already knows WSB is where dreams go to get margin called. 
[deleted]
relax you spaz losing money is bipartisan 
/r/t_d is still here. And it’s been like years since /r/fatpeoplehate got banned.
[removed]
As long as the majority of us stay poor Reddit won't touch us. The second it looks like many of us has a little money we are in trouble.
THankfully surgeons are getting good at the loose skin surgery these days. should not be a huge issue.
Not as bad as I thought it'd be, tbh
https://youtu.be/BPzccxbvbic?t=22s
Report back in 2 years. Looking forward to your results.
Good for you that you're trying, because I am as well.

Exercising is a job.  If you don't exercise, you're just like a jobless bum.  Straight up irresponsible to your body; depriving of your own health and life.

Gotta truly appreciate the value of exercising.  Mind over body, as they say. You have to want it.

I used to hate running until 2 years ago but I run 5ks twice a week now.  I still hate it, but I understand the value.
instant gratification. 

When studies have been done on willpower, it has been found that it functions very much like a muscle. If you don't exercise self control in some areas of your life, it becomes more and more and more difficult to exercise willpower in other parts of your life. 

It's why we associate messy houses with a messy/chaotic life outside the home as well. It's a stereotype that has a scientifically proven basis in reality.

Sure enough, when I was working out and riding my bike 5 times a week, I was also becoming the hero of the workplace, and I credit my better diet and exercise as playing a large role in my salary rising some 30% over the past 3 years. I've stopped working out after losing the will after getting a nasty shoulder issue that makes it painful to work out. Really sucks, it's gone on for over a year, and it's not getting better. I can tell my willpower is getting weaker too.
[deleted]
My sentiment applies to both male and females.  You can tell me all sorts of different reasons how they ended up the way they are, but the onus is on them to lead healthier lifestyles.  

For the record, I'm not a fat hater. A good friend of mine is a larger lady; not too bad but her sister is HUGE; eye popping huge because she's over 6 ft tall too.  An absolute unit even.

They just LOVE food. They eat SO MUCH it's inexcusable but it's their body; it's their life.  They can do whatever they want.
I’m with u nigga. Everyone knows wsb are all malnourished cause our lunch money goes to fd.  
You can hide your failed investments in them though
Nah, he invested time and got a big ROI
> WSB is often touted as the 'Harvard Business School'

YOLO TSLA 420 

More like the "Harvard Business School" of Harvard Business School.
This is it to the “T”. I couldn’t have said it better myself. 
i need you to write my resume
[deleted]
Hear hear 
This is my favorite comment ever
Yeah but like I would personally give up for good probs, these ppl turned it around
source?
[deleted]
>This was on Reddit a long time ago.

Ahh yes. It definitely must be true then.
Looking at her instagram it looks like they're still together. Not only that but they're married. 

 https://www.instagram.com/fatgirlfedup/?hl=en

Can't believe their are people in this thread ragging on this guy for his haircut. Not only he is at the gym, but he's wearing a hat in the second shot. 


I mean, she did, but 4 years apart anything could have happened as a natural and normal reason to have ended their relationship. Maybe he dumped her or he didn’t want kids or to get married. They were also a high school couple and let’s be honest how many of those last? People change pretty drastically from high school through college and into their adult life.
Dunno about “chad”, looks like a pretty average looking guy dressed up at the races.

Also lol just because a teenager says they love their high school sweetheart on Facebook doesn’t mean they’ll marry each other.
4 years, lots could happen. Not necessarily a trade up.
Incels melt this picture to a liquid and inject it into the veins. 
That's a different girl
Who is this Chad and why does he keeping fucking everyone's crushes?
He is wrong. They're still together & married. 
Approximately same height difference, eyebrows look similar, jawline, cleft chins, cheek bones are similar, eye squint about the same...seems like.
Lol yeah awful glasses and haircut in pic 2. He's not a bad looking dude he just looked like shit lol
I mean, she's definitely overweight, but she's not morbidly obese or anything. She's still "small" enough that you can see very clearly that she's beautiful. Point is anyone who saw that before picture wouldn't be surprised if they saw the other one.
Honestly I thought he was describing her drive as “AMD attractive”. 
 About 2 weeks. Didnt even peep that. Lol
Na. That's excess tissue, not fat or muscle. No way to burn it off. Gotta snip. 
Self-deprecating savagery on this sub is unparalleled.
Lmao let me know when you're getting gangbanged by taxes and debt! 
need someone to fuck me on the weekends though
You might want to long into [this](https://www.amazon.com/Passion-Lubes-Natural-Water-Based-Lubricant/dp/B005MR3IVO).
Damn, I only get fucked 5 days a week. She's really putting out for you.
I follow her on Instagram, she is having surgery on Halloween.
Surgery 
I'll trade scars for 30 years of life any day.
I was never that big, and don't really have bad stretch marks, but my abdominal skin was (still is a bit) noticably loose when I first lost weight (~80 lbs) It really does stay with you. 
Ya, that's why you just need to not get fat in the first place. It LITERALLY stays with you for the rest of your life.
Cruel world
Wow, LOL!. That's how you know it's real.

Yeah. still great for her. It's amazing what she did.

Fucking satanists who preach godlessness and hedonism are ruining America and making everybody fat. \#Resist
Still though, where else can a guy 4000% on a pair of boobs
We lose so much money and committ suicide enough, even lefties will feel sorry for us 
Just say it's satire.
#BILL CLINTON IS A RAPIST#
one day one of our stupid mass sub fds will end up blowing up and we will all be rich and itll happen
It seems like a very painful procedure. Probably worth it. But boy it must hurt like a motherfucker. 
[deleted]
Thanks for the info...makes sense. I hear you about injuries. I messed up my shoulder and back in the military, and it has slowed me down
"Nicest way possible" 

"Just lose the weight fatty, you're disgusting to look at I hate looking at you"

I think the word you were looking for is blunt.
Not everyone that is overweight is a glutton. Yes, people shouldn’t give up on trying to be healthier. That’s true of thin people as well. My point is you looked at a table of women and made a whole lot of assumptions about whether or not they are trying to be healthy based on their size. And more often than not it’s a poor indicator. And that applies to men and women. You have zero idea of their health or what they have done in regards to their weight. And I’m not trying to be all up on your case. I just see a lot of comments like that and people really have no idea most of the time what the real deal is based off of appearances. 
Why? You can’t lie? 
You’re already fitting in!
Cunt is not the preferred nomenclature. We're all faggots here.
[deleted]
Wow there...you might want to see yourself out of about 80%+ of Reddit then.
We also dont like long term investments which is why this is funny

The memes here are regarding the shortest of the shortest investments and pretending that a particular visually unattractive business woman is hot because they make the short term bets insanely profitable
Welcome to the internet
Our collective insecurities 
http://i.imgur.com/btjiivd.jpg

It's the same dude I'm pretty sure, according to the caption.
Bruh, He had bigger titties before than she did after.
I've searched for like 10 minutes and can't find it. But from what I remember he was a Redditor and either him or someone else doxxed him and posted an update and she pretty be much left him. All I can remember was that it was a shit show.
Doesn't matter had copulation
This is a little harsh, but I definitely agree that she clearly started putting in a lot of effort and he basically looks the same. 
damn y'all are harsh.

Looks like any other guy to me
As someone that has had short hair throughout my entire life, boy howdy do I not want to associate with anyone callus enough to make all their judgement on a person based solely off of their *slightly* long hair. He's wearing a nice outfit to whatever event this is, not like he throws on a fucking tuxedo shirt and shows up.

Jesus reddit can be such a circle jerk. People making judgements on his fucking hair cut because they're jealous af that they're not with that girl. 
lol, you're a jackass
http://i.imgur.com/btjiivd.jpg

It's the same dude I'm pretty sure, according to the caption.
These are different people. You linked to the couple in OPs original post. 
The couple in the comment's pic is different than OP's pic
Random question of the day for anyone else that looks at her Instagram... does that excess skin have to be surgically removed if she wanted it gone? 
What're you, some kind of person identifier
Oh that's interesting that you have such a different perspective on that. I don't think I've ever even seen anyone in person as overweight as her in Ireland and would definitely consider her morbidly obese.
How long have *you* been here?
I want to believe.
I swear. You fuckers are hilarious.
haha money problems are hilarious when they don't happen to me
Are taxes that thing that you pay when you have money?
r/gatekeeping haha
Isn’t everyone fucked by taxes?
I'm your guy 🍆
Bob the builder wants to fuck 
Hopefully she won't be haunted by the ghosts of her removed skin flaps. 
And how much will a surgery like that cost? 
Surger
I'd trade 30 years of my life for exotic cars any day
Lol what
Depending on your insurance situation the most painful part might be the price tag.
To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand WallStreetBets
Oof.
Shit just got real.
ain't nothing but truth told here.
/r/theredpill

Guys, the secret is:

1. care a little bit about your appearance

2. think about exercising

3. be fucking rich

That's all you need to keep the woman.
Think it's the same guy too. Nose, eye-spacing, and jaw look similar to me. He probably just got lasik or contacts and changed up his hairstyle a little bit.
LMAO at the comment in the image.

Ass Status:  BLASTED
Salt barge crash at the bottom
Lol, that apparently pissed off a rabid feminist with that bottom comment.
No they are still together, look up their instagram (handle is on the photo)
Nothing like some good ol' fornication. 
I hope you’ve had a haircut. 

I’m an adult now and I’m aware of how absolute cretins perceive me. 
I'm more offended by the long-ass tie and crooked glasses than the haircut.

Either way, this would barely actually register as an attractiveness gap irl, yeah. Lotta guys who are mildly schlubby still do just fine.
Ikr? Sure he's not the best looking guy on earth but he definitely looks alright in my book. Just another normal guy to me really
They’re not making judgements because they’re jealous, they’re making judgements because they are total fucking weirdos.

We shouldn’t pussyfoot around the subject and be nice. Not after these guys well and truly based an entire relationship, with all the various different webs, on a haircut. A fucking haircut. 

It’s the glasses that really let him down... 
Dude is rocking a black shirt and tie he couldn't even be bothered to learn how to tie properly to an event where his girl went full smokeshow in the LBD. He's not even trying. He looks like a waiter.

Also, shocker, your hairstyle is a part of your overall look. His whole facade screams "I couldn't be bothered to care". Chick traded up to a dude who wasn't perpetually slumming it, no judgment here.

It'd be like inviting my girl to the office party and I put on a coat and tie and she rolls up in jeans and a nice blouse and puts her hair up in a messy bun. I mean yeah, she got dressed, but that's hardly appropriate comparatively and screams 'I don't care'. 
Wow...I think one of the comments here landed a little too close to home.
[deleted]
With that much weight loss, yeah, she's going to need surgery to get rid of it all.

There's a youtuber who did a video about weight loss and loose skin. [You can see what he looks like after weight loss here.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CpKDteQ3FIQ&list=PLpMeFLDGNFVusSlGIYnvUVpA9cebvKdwK) In later videos, he talks about how he never really gets rid of the skin, and learns to just deal with it. 
I think it depends on how fast they lost the weight, how much they started with, and other factors buuuuttt I thinn over the course of several years it'll start to look more normal. If it doesnt then yeah probably have to get surgery 
Typically some of it will go away if you start lifting/gain some weight since the muscle will help grow into it. But after awhile some still might not go away and you might as well get it removed. It not only looks better, but possibly more importantly can prevent infection since that flabby skin gets sweaty and is harder to clean which makes it a prime spot for an infection to occur.
Skin will gradually tighten over time, if the change in weight is gradual enough and the overall difference not too extreme. 

It’s possible to get surprisingly large, return to a normal weight, and still be able to have ordinary skin.

However, once it’s become that saggy and detached, surgery is the only real option. 
She’ll absolutely need that excess remove. It shrinks back slightly, but not much. Generally they wait til she hits her goal size and give it some time to naturally firm up but then they remove excess across a few sessions - cut some off, give time to heal and recover, repeat.
Yes. I mean where do you think it would go?
If you read down her story, she has an appt scheduled to get it removed on her lower body. It's a pretty big deal.

But yeah.
Just a person with observation skills.
I'm not American if that's what you're insinuating haha. 

And she's not morbidly obese by any definition of the word, in any country. In this case, it would mean she's so fat you can't properly see her actual facial features. In the picture you can easily tell it's the same person, and easily tell that her face is attractive despite the weight.
It burns when I pee
How about this one... Our disgusting as fuck president is worth 10,000X more than you and I put together... (Makes me angry and sad)
Not the wealthy. They get taxes brakes and a fuck ton of loopholes.
thanks boo
name checks out
Lampshade time
Spooky flaps are spooky
Your entire 401k.
REEEEEEEEEEE
Sugar
Ah a visitor from r/all.. welcome brother.. Here we celebrate our autism
I know someone that had to pay for the surgery out of pocket because insurance originally recommended gastric bypass instead of diet and exercise. If she had elected for gastric bypass, she would have gotten the skin removal paid for as a follow-up. But somehow the procedure / process that costs the insurance company MORE gets the patient compensated. I can’t even understand how an insurance company can screw themselves sometimes but they seem to be working with surgeons and specialists trying to get more people into expensive procedures they provide much more than those that actually help people keep weight off and with less complications.
ironically, financials aside, the problem is most likely no pain, as in numbness, not pain.
F
1. Be attractive
2. Don't be unattractive
He has the same smile, ik its weird but its legit the same smile on all 3, so I doubt its another one too
Yeah, maybe he just got into shape himself? It's not like you can't be fit and be a fucking nerd at the same time. I play sports three days per week and go to the gym, and still play WoW and DnD, it's not like those are mutually exclusive activities.
and a new chin and a new skull shape.
People like that attract drama with the help of their own personal gravitational field
They'll just never accept that it's not just about looks, it's also about health.
Feminism is supposed to mean you can CHOOSE to be arm candy if you like (as she did/has)
I know right like calm down there is nothing wrong in wanting to look good for your partner and doing so doesn't automatically mean fat shaming. 
Jessiphia gets plenty of men. That's why all three of her kids have different dads.
Laugh status: rofl
Crooked glasses might not be his fault.

My face is a little asymmetrical and my glasses can appear crooked.

Tie is no excuse, though. 
> long ass-tie

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This comment was inspired by )^[xkcd#37](https://xkcd.com/37)
Too much time consuming mass media and developing a perverse view of "the real world", not enough time interacting with real people.
Oh fuck off.
I only ask because, as a child, I was very concerned about Fat Bastard at the end of Goldmember. 
I figured Santa Clause’s great aunt would come take it. 
so like, you can see a person, and then later if you see that same person, you're able to know it's the same person?
I think y'all are talking about two different pics... OP's original pic (the one this post is about), and a different pic from the comments (before pic brunette, after pic blonde).  Post pic:  Morbidly obese.  Comments pic, average to a little heavy.
Nah, wasn't trying to say 'haha Americans are fat' or anything like that.

Are you sure she's not morbidly obese? From a quick Google I found that "An individual is considered morbidly obese if he or she is 100 pounds over his/her ideal body weight, has a BMI of 40 or more, or 35 or more and experiencing obesity-related health conditions, such as high blood pressure or diabetes."

Am I just shit at judging weight or is she definitely over 100lbs more than a healthy bodyweight?

I do agree that it's obvious that it's the same person beforehand and that you could tell if she lost weight she would look good though.
>	It burns when IP

FTFY
F
If it makes you comfortable, through the wealth, he is only content with Mickey D's cheeseburgers and diet soda.
Yes officer, this is the Autistic fuck that I was talking about. 
Power
Ohhh ok understood. As you were
F
Seems like a genuine guy, happy for them.
yeah this is definitely the same guy, that smile kind of creeps me out LOL

not saying he doesnt have a great smile, it just hits me at the weird spot
The picture quality of the earlier ones doesn’t help either
That's what jumped out at me first, too.  Exact same smile in all three.
Totally. I know several gamer gym bros.
I am fucking happy when fat bitches get triggered, it makes me warm and fuzzy inside.

FATPEOPLEHATE FOREVER
How dare you not want to grow old with someone who you wouldn't actually get to grow old with because they have self-inflicted diabetes.
Please don't act like that's actually what people care about. As if you wouldn't date a hot chick because it turns out she has lung cancer or something.
Oh lord. That's super disingenuous. Of course it's almost entirely about appearance -- if a super hot girl was interested in you but had a strong family history of some disease that resulted in similarly reduced lifespan and quality of life as being fat, you wouldn't date her? 
If we are going to be honest, fat women are stupid cows. It's like their only motivation in life is to graze on junk food and they have the audacity to call fit people narrow minded.
When I was little (90s kid) I remember telling my parents that I couldn’t wait to get out to the real world. When they asked me what I meant I told them the place where all the movies and tv shows are. They then had to help me understand that the places on tv aren’t so much real places as they are mashups of footage edited to look interesting. And cue my life long interest in creating films and multimedia art.
Sounds like bullshit to me.
I don't know about the other guy, but I'm talking about the picture in the comments above. The girl in the OP post was definitely morbidly obese.
You’re shit at judging weight. Really unlikely she’s pushing 230 lbs. 
>It burns when IPO   

FTFY
Why the fuck's he eating that shit? Surely he can hire a chef to cook for him? Or is he a stingy bastard?
F
You’ve seen 3 pictures of him on reddit. you have literally zero idea if he’s a good person
but being genuine doesnt get me cash money

seems like a bad call on his part
[deleted]
-What happened to Karen

-Shes got the diabeetus
Why does she have lung cancer though, is she a smoker? Gross.
[deleted]
I wouldn't want to have kids with her or be in a LTR.
Welcome r/all. WSB is the investing/trading/gambling community you didn't know you needed.

 [Come chill in our Discord](http://discord.gg/wallstreetbets) or check out some of the [dank top posts from this month](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/top/?t=month).
The fact that this fucking sub is basically performing hostile takeovers on everything is what gives me life
Ya that’s why you made it
“What’s up Ya baby boomer fuck”lmao 
Ask him if he remembers when GE wasn’t in the DOW
Long catfish. Short dates
Show us what pics you used
That, is some funny shit my friend. Let us know how it goes. 

You'd probably need to try some other dating sites that older folks use these days, I don't know what the age breakdown is on tinder but I bet it skews younger.
Love the aggressive approach at gaining some tendies. Shine on you autistic fuck.
This legit sounds like a great strategy, specially if one of you stays/works in New York, whole MF town is crawling with Finance dudes and Lawyers for Finance dudes. 
This is so fucking retarded.

But, seriously, tell us what he suggests.
This is actually a good idea in an autistic way. Please keep us updated
Why fake tinder?  Why not just use your Grindr profile?
Well? What did he say?
[deleted]
Make sure to ask for Positions or unmatch 
ok fake tinder profile faggot

ask him how to play AMD
OP just did it for the old droopy dick pics, don't fall for his lies
We’re reaching autism levels never thought possible
You outstanding genius! OP is the undercover cop from southpark https://giphy.com/gifs/southparkgifs-l0HlCzaaXoSMpvIKk
I need to see more of this. Make it a series.
Spoiler alert: OP is a gay
FAGMAN is an acronym, not literal 
[deleted]
Now that’s thinkin’ with your noodle. 
This is the best thing I've seen all day besides the Spain v Portugal game. 
Of course one of you fuckers did this shit 
This is some real dd 
Open bobs, and vagene 
Throw a Venmo on there. Make some beer money off of these clowns while you're at it.
Ask him what his MU price target is
my god that's hilarious, please post more.
This guy trolls
"ya baby boomer fuck" LOL!!!  I'm stealing that line, ya little millennial rat bastard.  
Can I be your BFF?
This is amazing
This sub is truly something else man
Throw a “Daddy.” at the end next time, solely for my amusement. 
Autistic catfish. 
God damn this sub just keeps on giving.
If you’re trying to maximize ROI, set up a Venmo or cash app for it instead lol 
Its called a covered call or covered put, as in

"He's going to Call you and try to Put his weiner in your mouth"
"minimize my risk while maximizing my upside" fancy wayto say "how can I make money without losing money"
How many hours until someone on this sub realizes that they’re the person being catfished.
Mmmmm... Are you going to date him right away or wait to know him better....? 
Good Lord. This isn't my jam, nor my interest, nor would I encourage it, but this is God damn gold. Bravo and Applause.
Inside-her Trading
This sub never ceases to impress me. Lmao
Wtf is this autist crap
Where are your emojis you millennial fuck
I bet you could use this method to get insider information...
keep us with the updates. you should make this into a series, my nigga
extra points if you can convince him to send a dick pic
Meanwhile I'm just looking at finance news.  I'm living in 2018 while this guy's living in 2118.
jesus fucking christ MY MAN THE LEGEND!!!!!!!!
Why is SPY a meme fun recently? Outoftheloop
Ingenius
u/PKillerK 
Dope. YA BABY BOOMER FUCK. Are there more?!
Lmao I love this sub
Whats options
I do peon trading but have been following this sub since day one of making a Reddit account. This is why.
You should suck him off and get it over with autist
He's gonna want to see a tit at some point
Lol if that isn't the smartest thing I've seen in a while..
[deleted]
Well done sir 
prepare to reap the dividends of your wasted capital
Short MTCH
Lmao
Ayyyyyyyy
It's getting harder and harder to find people who know how to use tools in a way that maximized their benefits. Bravo señor
Fuckin Genius. 
OP finds excuse to explore his inner faggotry
Lol
#GAY
This is really funny! 
No one raindrop feels responsible for the flood, old man
>whats up ya baby boomer fuck

dead
I’d like to see his series continued 
ok need to make a contest to see if this will work better than wiz daddy
Ummm... What did they say Asking for a fake friend..
That's amazing like I actually laughed 
Well....? Don't leave us hanging, show his response.
This might also be a good way to get insider knowledge.
This guy fucks.
There's nothing wrong with sucking some old dudes dick for financial advice from time to time. 
Frat.
Legend
I come here for humor. I go to algotrading for advice.
You can make Tinder accounts without FB now?
Oh really? You want to minimize your risk while maximizing your upside? Are you also going to breathe later?
Weapons grade autisim at it's best!
High quality shit post
Are you gunna take her out to dinner for some chicken tendys?
If you're really a hot girl, I'll be glad to help 
Super bantz
In case anyone is wondering... the best way to minimize your risk trading SPY options is to take your money and buy t bills instead.
Fucking a. This sub is on point. 
This is beautiful. Thank you, faggot.
Brilliant
you autistic bastard glorious genius
a scammer

we stan
we want to know the follow up
How do I gild on mobile 
Well???? 
You need to sound dumber.
I too listen to Mac DeMarco
tell him you need 10,000 for college
This is actually really funny. Made me laugh out loud. 
Lmao this is fucking genious
Agent 22
Wow you want to minimize your risk but maximize your upside? Bold strategy.
Catspearphishing for insider info, Jesus Christ this is amazing.
You're gonna end up getting fucked
Yeah this is the best subreddit because of posts like this
Funny.
This guy 😂 funny as fuck
I love it. 
A good suggestion is up your risk factor. 
Haha I love this
Only answer is only noobs without formal options training actually use them for trading. Pros don't trade 
Note to self: greet all baby boomers in this way. 
Lmaoo, that intro and the whole idea fucking boss!! 
I love this sub
You like Mac DeMarco, OP?
The secret is market timing, leverage and options.   Obviously.  
Call spreads when skew is steep. Duh. 

I got my masters in fineass, you look like a solid investment.
This is one of the funniest things I’ve read all day. Some may call it genius also.
This sub is my lifeblood
Recently single and lookin' to try somethin' new
“So yeah like two drinks and a blow job was all it took for this loser to start giving me financial advice. Can’t believe he fell for that.”
FREEZE, BUDDY! I'M A COP! 
OP just looking for some bony fingers to tug at his gym shorts.
That's why I made it? hmm...
“Omg that’s funny. Who said it was me? “
I read that in Bill Burr's voice.
This is going on my list of new openers along with "What's up, bootlickers?"
Goddam I belly-bellowed, hard.
😂
Attractive women can say anything.
OP‘s a funny ass dude
It caught me off guard. Laughed like an idiot. One of the best opening lines I've come across for a random chat.
I remember when GE didn’t even exist at all, and I stood in Varrock begging people to trade with me
I remember selling GE when they spun off their financial division for a quick 10&#37; gain right after I bought it. 

Probably my best sell move now that it lost >50&#37;.
I’m old enough to remember when GE was in the DOW. 

https://www.twitter.com/ap/status/1009187443009089536?s=21
How did you get that tag?
Somebody should just make fake girl profile with all their pics as screenshots of portfolio full of short VIX
This is exactly why the rich old dudes would be on tinder.  They don't want old bitches when they can pay for fine ass 20 year olds.
Okcupid?
Tinder has a ton of Wall Street guys. Source: I’m one of the shit tons of them. 
Jdate
It's incredible how much crap men will take from hot young girls. Blatantly talks shit to him and he replies "omg that's funny." 
Half of them don’t know what they’re doing, I guarantee it.

Source: I work with their Canadian counterparts 
Or spoof your location. Easier in a browser. Match in the browser, chat in the app.

Even better if you have jailbreak/root/xposed on your phone
Yes and also ask him to wire u 10k with a promise of 70% ROI and anal cucking. Then bounce 
oh god, using tinder to get insider information in NYC

"hey baby, if you want some ass, you  better give me some tips"
[deleted]
Can't mix business with pleasure.
The only answer - sell covered puts and use the premiums to buy FDs.
I dont even trade stocks and still sub for this shit
Yes
“What’s your favorite position ya baby boomer fuck?”

“I like doggy, but my wife...”

“No I mean equity position.”
Easy, buy at 11 sell at 13. 
Wait for drop to 10$ then buy
Guarantee this leads to no good advice. You don't see 60yr olds making billion dollar startups for no reason...
Bought AMD @ 11 riding that thing for the long haul 
https://www.tradingview.com/chart/AMD/w3Qk3vMH-AMD-daily-analysis-Pullback-due/

Already come down to support and bounced may take off again soon after some more consolidation
Hey I live there
OP is getting dd while looking for d
Hello bitch lasagna
Ally savings account duh
Nice try FinCEN
Bc it is a real challenge to get a dude to send a dick pic. 😂
Lol, less than 1 percent of the people on Wall street have an innovative strategy, and those that do won't share it with you. It's all about execution.  
So what I'm saying is this won't help worth a damn.
If anyone doubts this, go begin the process of doing it. Every step of it is creepy and makes your skin crawl. 

It takes a very odd person to be able to go through with it 
Holy shit, that flair
If you build wealth, they will cum
Pretending to be a girl and tricking guys into sending you dick pics isn't really that new 
We will watch your career with great interest. 
https://imgur.com/7J6J5EF
Dudes?
Mad genius Motherfucker...
Und du zu hhziu ich zu hlku ok look pizzaggh a zo iii
Dude, there are services for that!
You busy tonight?
Hey bby, I'll let you rim me for insider tips. 
There is a market for male sugar babies.  
Tryin To Make A Change :-/
💩 🍩 🍆 😏
> lookin' to try somethin' new

old man balls?

Newly single looking for that jingle
"Most whores are doin' blowies for like $30-$50. The advice I got from this dweeb made me $100. What a sucker!"
"I studied finance"
“And I studied finance in masters program so what specifically do you think is busted?”
It's in a weird way sociopathic to me. It's just so upfront and deep. 
What an instant classic that opener was. That dude’s delivery nailed it too.
Ayy lmao
Ah back when it was all about the lobbys instead of tendies.
Unexpected runescape
The original wallstreetbets
World 2 fally was where the real OGs flipped GP
Honestly, those were the days. Flipping was so much more lucrative when you could take advantage of people looking to offload quickly. Now it's just pennies. There's no longer money to be made in connecting buyer and seller
Free money doubling
I honestly thought an open marketplace was way more fun than a controlled exchange...
I once gave a f2p noob 10k just to feel like a god.
RuneScape reference. Love it. This guy fucks. 
Fally if you were a member. 
A q p
Free armor trimming!! 
Investing in SPY is like trying to get trimmed mithril at GE
r/unexpectedrunescape
$11
Man, I remember back years and years ago, I wanted to make money, so I tried cornering the market on Copper Platebodies. This was before the GE. I just stood in Varrock or Fally and tried selling my shitty copper plate at stupid low prices. 

I still don't know why I thought that was a good idea. 
The golden days of trading, I remember them fondly
Heh, clearly people are trading you to trim your rune armour!
Trading is for the weak.

Ironman btw
There should be comment of the year awards, I'd give this one a vote
Gotta comment on this thread just to be a part in this runescape lore
GE killed my social life
Spring 2015.. I sold it a day or two before that announcement 
I remember watching one two men in an alley fight until one pulverized the other's face with a two-by-four all for some chicken nuggets.
Frequenting here, how else
Selling $MU
He’s retarded. Duh.
What donkey brains? 
Like this.
Everyone else's here is just implied. 
You know too much!
How do you pay for Tinder chicks? Asking for a friend.
We have seekingarrangement to pay. Tinder is for us to bang gold diggers and girls with daddy issues. 
You can set an age limit on tinder though. Most chicks avoid anything 40+
No, that’s where you go for market research when selling to “socially aware millennials”. I’d hit up eHarmony or Ashley Madison.
Seekingarrangement?
Match.com is for old fucks
Tbf I know a few people whose flirting could easily be misconstrued for straight up insults 
This is some autistic shit from both parties involved. Godspeed, OP.
uhh, that's kind of just basic bantz, though.
>It's incredible how much crap men will take from hot young girls. 

To be fair, we really just don't care. The best analogy I can think of is if a 5th grader called a Senior in high school a mean name. Hopefully by the late 20's a man is able to laugh off women's behavior and "give me attention" tactics. 
Yeah, I thought that was fucking hilarious. A hot girl finally hits him back and he's willing to take any shit from her just for a chance
Ya bro but unlike us plebs they have access to millions of dollars in anonymous money. MFers YOLO and get paid salaries for it. 
If you believe Peter Lynch, almost none of them know what they're doing. 
Well I mean bounce after the anal cucking obviously ...
I'd fuck you for 70% where you at, fam?
Last thing you do is send him a voice message **"BITCONNEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEKT!"** before smashing your burner.
Sounds like a series HBO would make
topkek
Hey. We aren't against homosexuals here. Everybody is welcome to lose their money. Quit being a faggot.
Fuck you. Ain't nothing wrong with being butt fucked by FDs!
ayy
Fuck yeh mate 
Nah.  Sell 1 month expiration uncovered puts and calls 2 standard deviations (based on VIX) on either side of current strike price. 
Yeah, I have no idea what's going on, but sometimes people will use a word that I sorta know, so then I get to feel like I'm hanging out with the cool kids.
Until it hits $17 when you have no longer positions
Back then it was buy below 3 sell at 4
\*takes notes\*
But its 16...
Milk truck just arrive
They won't share it with us but what about with someone pretending to be a hot grill on the internet?
You always have to be careful with what you say on this subreddit...the mods are omniscient, and will brand a scarlet A on you at any time.
Are we talking about flairs?
What's it say? On mobile 
What is it?  I only see "rec" because redditisfun didn't program it correctly.
Holy shit, that username. 
Well... I mean they’ll probably fake it convincingly. 
Build the wall first
New for him maybe. Old news for me
Mom?
oh brother
your flair 10/10
Services for sugar babies that is
And then he told her to buy AMD puts.....
They both sound like suckers to me
“My pecker is 5 inches on a hot day”

Edit: Bill Clinton is a rapist. 
While you studied finance I studied the blade.
These flairs are hilarious. 
"I studied Fine Ass"
it sounds like he dropped out of a MBA which is extremely retarded 
Dad is that you? 
“Next quote in the convo”
"OMG that's funny (relate to me, this is relatable...). Who said it was me (Who? Fucking tell me. Tell me you stupid fucking bitch *WHO WAS IT?!*)"

Hard pass. Unless he's got those options DD.
Everyone knew the spot was fally lol
ヽ༼ ຈل͜ຈ༽ ﾉ Raise ur dongers!

^^Dongers ^^Raised: ^^32689

^^Check ^^Out ^^/r/AyyLmao2DongerBot ^^For ^^More ^^Info
Man I remember the day I started catching swordfish over lobbys, felt like a king that day
Oh come on, we all know that staking was where fortunes were really made
Straight up. Learning how to make my text be all rainbowy quickly was my typing game.
I flipped mine in the Varrock wilderness. 
It’s amazing to hear people talk about things like this. Those skills would serve you immensely well in the real world if you just had a few connections...
Nah I made a shit ton of money with the ge.. Buy 15k Sara brews (3) have the dude decant them. Sell the brews (4) for significantly more. Did the with super restores. You could really flip anything but sometimes would take a moment to find a good item. Also did dharok legs and yew and maple seeds. When I quit I had over 1.5b which is OK but from mostly flipping. 
Have to move trade limited items that grt mass consumed in a skilling. Battlestaffs come to mind, have to build up a supply chain but once your going youre making like 1k ea
1 trade?
They started catering to the kiddies who would get easily scammed even on basic trades. They honestly should have put an age restriction and not let them trade easily with people over 18 (and scrutinized the minors trades more as it would be easier to find people pretending to be minors and exploiting instead of sifting towards the entire mess).

The open wild west thing was so awesome, honestly. I think my math skills grew a shit ton just from that (I was like one of the first 2000 players back when it was a total free-for-all).
Me too 😡 
real gods were F2p but paid for membership with stuff
Your problem was, you were trying to make money, the trick was to be a female character and people just gave you free stuff all day.
What you should've did is sold high demand crafting materials. Don't even have to gather them yourself. Just go where people are training fishing, wood cutting, etc and buy it off of them as they gather and take it to the cities to sell. 
Well thanks, it's probably your shares that I flipped! ;-P
What's up ya baby boomer fuck?
Let's hope he knows more about the stock market than the chick market. 
Single mothers in your area hate him!
[deleted]
Some of these girls straight up post their Square Cash username or Venmo username and ask for "Donations" for them to reply. Like how fuckin desperate are the guys to have a boring ass conversation (maybe more, IDK) on tinder who most likely might be a catfish. 
You make it obvious in your profile that you have money and the gold digging whores come running.
1. Find Tinder Chicks
2. Pay them
3. ????????
4. Profit 
Ashley Madison is probably 90% older white men with money. 
>No, that’s where you go for market research when selling to “socially aware millennials”

Elaborate, I'm intrigued
This is probably his best bet. That site is made specifically for sugar daddies.
Are you from heaven? Cause I have an erection
>I hope you fall in a wood chipper, you undescended sack of a man. 

>Omg that's funny
nothing but respect for MY troops
Yeah definitely. People in their 50s-60s loooooove being referred to as "baby boomer fucks." Try it the next time you see one! 
U can’t see, my llp 
I mean, if it’s good, another round and 10k doesn’t sound too bad. 
Bounced on my boy's dick to this  8====================D ~~~
He didn't say there was anything wrong with it tho 🤔
Nah just do 3 standard deviation iron condors and just let it ride baby
Download robinhood, buy 6/22 $MU 90 calls and then you’re one of us. 
Thx me 2
WSB words generator

YOLO put AMD DOW (Stock abbreviation) call short option leverage index "trend lines".


Buy $17 sell at $14
I bought around 3 and still have it. Wish I had got more.
That’s the joke captain
lol no
Maybe a hot grill in real life. It's called grill talk for a reason. People tend to open up after sharing the heat of a grill.
Get a couple little facts wrong....
A indeed.
I still want my proper Rosebuddy flair. I don't deserve this punishment. 
Yeah...
No shit.
Yeah I hate it when the take things you say outta context and make it your flair. IHAVEABIGDICK. 
This sub has mods? 
Can confirm 

Edit: guess my flair was removed at some point? It used to say "I fucking hate the faggot mods". I miss it dearly 
Yeah nice try there bud, no A for you.
Where is your scarlet A?
hm do i have flair? am i worthy?
Yeah? Well the mods can be careful when sucking my dick cus that shit's omniscient too.
Recently Single
It says "Recently single". I'm also using rif and I can see it if I rotate my phone.
My wife is a pig, I learned to fake it a long time ago. 
Now that's just taking it too far. That's borderline sexual assault. 
"The odds are good, but the goods are odd." 
Damn, nice dude 
A sentence I did not expect to read today, to be sure
I’m crying
That one got me, haha
My pecker is 5” when I really have to pee, which is every 5 minutes lol*
My penis may be short, but it’s thin too.
Fuck off
"I got my masters in finger painting but jerked off to shkreli's excel videos"
He's a boomer he probably graduated highschool and jumped right into the workforce making 50k a year, bought a house, a car got married and had kids and supported them all on that single income and then made sure no other generation would ever be so comfortable 
Exactly. *Studied* does not mean finished.

I've studied quite a bit of porn. I'm no expert though.
No it's me come into my van 😇
I’ll be right back.. Gotta go get some more cigarettes. 
!!!!SELLING 4K COAL 894 EA!!!!
Fally was trash, Varrock west bank 4 lyfe.
He’s talking about the new old school lmao
What is this 2014 meme doing in my 2018
[deleted]
I remeber before stocks even existed and we ate room temp oysters 
I always thought I'd get rich through hard work by leveling up to catch Sharks. Then, the GE released. Now I play the RubeScape market. 
Not as much as you might think. Merchanting is all about connections and leveraging the ignorance of buyer and seller. Person A is looking to sell something and Person C is looking to buy that same something. Person A doesnt know Person C but Person B does. Person B knows that he can but the something at one price and later sell it to Person C for a higher price, pocketing the difference. Person B leveraged the ignorance of Persons A and C. You might be able to see why this wont work in the digital age of today. The internet let's Person A and Person C find each other easily so there's nothing for Person B to leverage. The same thing is what happened with the Grand Exchange.
Getting noobs to mine clay, and another one to wet it was GOAT. Printing money
Funnily enough, my character was a girl for some time. I also tried making those oh-so-popular runescape music videos in middle/high school. One of them was Tic-Toc and I'm getting embarrassed just thinking about it.

Lots of free stuff, but it felt wrong to just scam people out of their money. 
Could you taste his load?
90% bots
Lots of feminists, polyamorous couples, and trannies, among other things. 
That site still up? Last I heard sesta/fosta shut it down.
>You are a fucking worthless brainded scumfuck bastard pile of trash mental dickface that should be gunned down in the street like the degenerate you are

>Omg that's funny
Faggot
Maybe not with 50-60 somethings but AS A MILLENNIAL that would be some basic bantz.
You're not wrong. Fucking logic.
30 day iron condors every week on the SPX. 6-12% on whatever you put in. 
Works until it doesn't
[deleted]
I too wanna be part of this.... But there's no Robinhood in Europe :(
This guy amdeeeees. 
I like....men?
It's glorious. 
that's hilarious
Holy Shit, that flair
Y I K E S
I wish someone would give me a flare. I guess I’m not cool enough 😩
You arent fake news


you are VERY fake news
>basically CNN 

LMAO
. 
story...?
A+ or don't come home
Damn
like dis?
Narrator: He didn't. 
Someone has to bad your dumb ass at some point
Only for lulz
No.
Ah, disregard my message from a few seconds ago.
Nice, I'm a 29 faggot. I like it. 
"They don't think it be like it is, but it do."
"Some fucking random quote"
This mother fucker right here. My sides. 

Edit: Fuck karma, but whoever down voted me, may your positions be forever cursed, and your yacht sink when launched. Eat my stinky dick. Also, I love you. 


When did I land in r/wallstreetbets?
One day I too hope to fuck the next generation out of every advantage I had.
You're too real for this sub. GTFO I'm calling the police. 
salty 
i will but give me some good options tips first daddy
894 is way over priced, unless inflation has taken effect since I last logged on.
You forgot the wave and colored text 
yup vwest this man scapes
Lumby's where it's at
What is this, a crossover episode? 
Hey now that's my bot and I worked hard on him


This is my first time finding him in the wild :,) 
Hey, JesseLingod, just a quick heads-up:  
**remeber** is actually spelled **remember**. You can remember it by **-mem- in the middle**.  
Have a nice day!

^^^^The ^^^^parent ^^^^commenter ^^^^can ^^^^reply ^^^^with ^^^^'delete' ^^^^to ^^^^delete ^^^^this ^^^^comment.
Oh man trying to market before GE was a blast and took a lot of time and effort. I learned to type very fast because of trying to sell and buy outside verrock bank on world 1. Especially when you had to compete against macros. 
You’re absolutely right.

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCK_zuVq6ZpSRMjsZ5JRPx5g

This guy does what I’m talking about. He enables buyers to obtain ultra rare luxury items by leveraging his father’s connections into the ability to purchase things. 

Think about, for example, Bugatti’s requirement that someone be able to prove ownership of a private jet/yacht and art collection worth in excess of $50 million (one of the three) in order to buy a Chiron. This guy eases that requirement for buyers who might just be there, but not quite. For this, he takes a fee.

It’s almost sad you can’t just become like this any more. 


Am I still in r/suddenlygay?
That may be related to trading bots, so of you know what the boots are trading you may be able to get ahead.
I thought POF was the one filled with those people?
It is funny.. when you are laying back on your yacht getting a bj from three girls because you followed wsb's simple steps to make money
Insult me harder, daddy
Going all caps mid sentence is pretty boomer and as far as slang goes this bantz thing seems weak and cringey.  Am i warming you up with my bantz you binkeysucking baby?  
Let the options expire. You’ll be good. 
It would legit cost $1/contract.
Hit "Start Over" and all your money will respawn.
*ayyyyyyyymd's
I like their money
Snapchat
Hahaha looks like you have the appropriate flair now 
OMG that flair is OP. I'm dying right now.
I hope if they do, it's "not cool enough"
#metoo
Hahaha
I ❤ am not a lawyer?
Lost it all on Chinese stonks
I'm never coming back here again!
Certified
Username opposite of relevant. 
I for damn sure appreciate that. Not like anybody checks a boss in person. 
-Black science guy
-Michael Scott
When you clicked the link?

You thought this was r/tinder, didntcha? 

^^^Yeah, ^^^me ^^^too...
[deleted]
Fuck the planet until it catches fire
Well come here to NYC. There's this building that has our live updated national debt lit up and always scrolling across their LCD sign. It's huge you'd love it.  

Also we could make it mandatory to use robin hood thereby removing the advantage we currently have of being able to choose to stop getting rid of all our money
Don't worry. All you have to do to accomplish that is stay the course! 
Advantages? What the fuck are they?
If you want that boomer economy, you had better get going on WWIII right quick or you won't have time to enjoy it. 
and then people like me better *watch out*
sorry i meant to add get back at the boomers by taking out as large a loan as possible and then using the money to buy lottery tickets bc the trick to the lottery that they don't tell u is the more tickets you buy the higher your chance of winning becomes 
Bluehorse shoe love MU

Am I doing this right?

only cause you were constantly dying. 
Something, something, Infinity War. 
He’s dead, Jim. 
Fuk u bot. Suk mah bals 
Could be that’s also the case, I haven’t tried that one. I think they’re all owned by IAC anyway. 
Lol
If you don’t sell, you can’t loose
Perfect I’ll take 4,000
[deleted]
Lol your flair 
Short it. 
Don’t jinx me 
>#metoo

Imma pray for you pawg
I respect that.
just telling it how it be my dude 
-Michael Scott
-Wayne Gretzky
I totally did until this comment.
It's as easy as throwing your trash anywhere!!
I'm helping!! I drive everywhere and use disposable utensils!
Boomers are still helping that one too! We can do it together!
Yeah! What'd this deadbeat planet ever do for *me* anyway?
This sounds wrong, but I don't know enough about the lottery to dispute it. Fair play. 
All the eggs are balanced or some shit.
When does the narwhal bacon amirite xD
IAC?
6/22 is expiry date which is next friday. You're technically saying that you're gonna buy MU for 90$ next friday when its at 58 right now. So basically you're giving them money to fuck you in your hairless ass with a cactus
Snort it.
FapChat is about to go the moon
^^jinx
- Wayne Gretzki
"I don't know what to do with my hands."
Great idea, I'm going to throw a box of plastic straws in the ocean tonight.

Fuck you, turtles!
I dont feel so good
$IAC, InterActive Corp. 
> buy 6/22 $MU 90 calls 

So what would a smart way to write that "buy 6/22 $MU 58 calls" As I understand it that would give me the option to buy the stock then at today's price. And if the stock is higher than 58 on Friday I "win" but if the price stays or drops I have lost the premiums I paid for it.
Bop it 

Twist it
Do it pussy you won't
Toot it 
- Micheal Scott
*Glitter
You're right - they own Match.com, OKCupid, Tinder, and POF.  Interesting. 
Ding ding
Keep in mind the stock would have to raise to $58+the price of the premium you paid for it it break even. That premium looks to be $2.58 so the stock has to raise to ~60.58 for you to make $$. 
Next tweet: Taking TSLA private at 269.69. Funding secured.
finally the sec is distracted everyone post your insider info .
imagine thinking the SEC regulates banking too 🤔 
They offered him a slap on the wrist for a case that is really easy for them to prove in court and he turned them down. Fact is legally Musk is not in a good place and the SEC isn't paying that much attention to him because they can prosecute him with their eyes closed.
When you knowingly give people mortgages for homes with no proof of income, assume the housing market isn't correlated, and package the mortgages to promise high interest rates and cause millions of peoples to lose their jobs, pensions, retirement accounts, homes, school funds, cars, cause divorces and suicides, and then you still get bailed out and give bonuses during the crash 😂😂😂.
Is tsla really not dipping anymore? Figured it would go straight down today 
this is some r/latestagecapitalism level intelligence
God I love seeing wsb on r/all. Not sure if you're all retarded, but it's always hilarious. 
Big banks have too many guys to make an example out of. 
I feel like the SEC is ascribed more power than it really has, with the current political administration they don't have the power to go after big banks meanwhile musk is an individual who clearly broke the law and did it publicly. They can't not go after him.

The SEC is like OSHA every time they try to do anything major congress kills their power to do so. Awhile back osha did a study that showed that having keyboards and desk chairs that weren't ergonomic was causal of a ton of health problems with corporate employees. So they put out a thing saying that companies had to pay for ergonomic keyboard and chairs. Two minutes later congress said no, and it never came up again. The SEC is in the same boat, can't go after the banks no matter how many laws they break cause congress will just shut them down.
It's almost like they are supposed to investigate people who break laws
I don't think the SEC got his 420 joke...
Explain what the SEC has to do with banking?
There's some serious waddaboutism going on in this thread.

Like, I get it, I'd love to have the big banks broken up and their CEOs in jail. On the other hand, that they didn't go to jail doesn't mean that Elon Musk isn't flagrantly and publicly breaking the law.

I'm not going to cry over a billionaire who thinks he's above the law finding out that he's wrong.
Think browsing /r/LSC too much has rotted your brain if you think the SEC regulates the banks.
2008 was the result of oversight in securities and lending legislation. Key word being oversight. Contrary to popular belief, if most of what was done was illegal, they just wouldn't do it. Hell, people in congress didn't even know what derivatives meant and CDO/CMOs were relatively new financial tools.

Edit: [Just read the official inquiry report](https://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/GPO-FCIC/pdf/GPO-FCIC.pdf) which doesn't conclude with massive conspiracy.

>**We conclude widespread failures in financial regulation and supervision proved devastating to the stability of the nation’s financial markets**
SEC is the best college football conference in America. Most likely the world. They produce more criminal dropouts than any other conference in North America. Well maybe the big east. But that is racism.
Pretty sure a big bank laundered money for a drug cartel and suffered 0 consequences. Other than a small fine, less than they make in one day.
ITT Muskrats acting like they're in favor of bank prosecutions
WhT is the SEC? I thought it was a football conference
Tesla is the greatest auto company in the history of the world, fuck the SEC, and fuck the shorts.
Fuck. That's it guys. Pack it up. The fucking normies are here and we're done.
Elon needs to start writing (bigger) Checks during elections. Thats JPM, GS and BoA do 
Don't forget Equifax CEO selling his stock before their security issues came to light
Are they planning on investigating $ARLZ and Adrian Adams? "We have funding for 12 months." Two months later, "We are declaring bankruptcy". 
FREE MARTIN SHKRELI NOW
Well duh!   People go from the SEC to the big banks and earn 5+ times as much.  How many people will go from the SEC to Tesla?  
SEC is just salty because they had puts when this was all happening.  They're trying to recoup their losses and click the rewind button like a bunch of butt hurt fags.  Musk saw this, rejected their offer to settle, and is now gunna rip them an asshole... either that or I'm fucked... meh
Musk is new money.  He has no connections on Wall Street.

Look at all the people who get busted for insider trading - you'll see lots of quants of Indian descent who have made it through sheer work and lack of connections on wall street.  Hell, the pharma-bro only got busted for stealing from other rich people, and he was a new money immigrant, so double bonus.

I'll be impressed with someone whose family is connected to the big banks ever gets in trouble.
Curious about something.  So Elon's tweet's about product releases, new features etc.. that increase the value of the stock are fair game, but a tweet that reduces the stock value is illegal. Help me understand that..
He didn't just "tweet". He knowingly sent out a market moving communication that he knew would have a material effect on tsla's equity. you can't do shit like that. the sec has gone after kids doing the exact same thing on yahoo message boards. musk should be in jail. 
Maybe don’t commit fraud. 

They got Martha Stewart for inside trading, they’ll get musk without breaking a sweat. 
This has made his stock an actual buying option for my broke ass. I'm on this train
Oil moves everything around me.
Matt Levine perfectly summed this up a week ago (and again in his article today):



>	Of course the SEC is looking into this. I can’t think of a thing that the SEC would look into more. If Warren Buffett was giving insider tips about accounting fraud at the Fed to Lloyd Blankfein so that he could help Donald Trump and the pope insider trade against the Illuminati, the SEC team investigating that would be scheming to get transferred to the Elon Musk team.
isnt it weird how theyve treated him directly after he said the media was shit and he wanted to hold them accountable
Fuck SEC.
Pretty much...

Elon Musk: Make a greener future and get us to mars

Banks: Lends money to people on false promises then just takes their home away a few years later.

Messed up world. 
Interesting that the south eastern conference is investigating Elon musk 



/s (obviously) 
The ole Shkreli treatment. They really do get a hardon for trying to take people in the public sphere down
r/WSB before SEC charges

"tHe SeC WiLl NeVeR ChArGe ElOn MuSk"

What's Nick Saban have to say about this?
Thank you
But he smoked weed  tho
Government action against Musk is to leverage SpaceX out from under him. Everyone knows this is a case where money has gotten bigger than the man. 

Same there's gullible enough people everywhere that just a little sugar coating of shills is enough to turn a whole thread.
>"Since the law wasn't enforced that one time it should never be enforced!"

....what?
“Daddy Elon did nothing wrong”
Just lol at these SEC cucks. Musk could literally buy the SEC if he wanted to.
Link?
HE'S BACK
Oh hi Tesla's social media team
I love Musk to just go on a tirade over the SECs handling of the Financial Crisis

Is the SEC in charge of regulating banks though? The answer is no. 

You’re not dumb for making a meme that doesn’t make sense. But literally 99% of “OMG THESE BIG EVIL BANKERS SHOULD BE IN JAIL ARGHHH” is similarly brainless drivel. 

Being dumb or not knowledgeable isn’t a crime. Being dumb and making dumb arguments targeting other people is pretty bad. 

At the end of the day though? No one is dumber than that dumbass Elon Musk
Can someone explain to me how a tweet obviously intentioned as a joke is illegal?
Elon’s first mistake is not being Jewish. 
We live in a society
"lol derivatives son, SEC is a regulatory capture shitshow they only snare the low hanging fruit"   

    
made this comment in worldnews downvoted to oblivion
Maybe he needed funding to secure those grease payments to the SEC first.
What exactly did banks do that was illegal again?
Still, Elon faces only a civil complaint for alleged criminal conduct (securities fraud)
Musk is crazy. NGRI. 
FFS! I told you guys Elon spends way too much time tweeting shit.
ill buy more tesla

&#x200B;

in 30 days after the wash sale period
Is it just me who thinks Squidward's eyes look like they would be really satisfying to hold in this pic
Rattling the hornets nest.
Some laws are made to be broken by the right people. Unfortunately for Musk the laws haven't been updated for him and twitter yet.
One of these entities does not bribe the SEC under the table. 
Thank you Elon for more cheap shares 
Big banks hate lil' banks
Musk is a pedo. /s
eli5 please...
Reminds me of the movie Too Big To Fail and the SEC chairman just stands there like a cuck. 
I imagine shareholders are just foaming at the mouth to get Musk out and turn Tesla into a watered down product they'll charge the same price for. Say good bye to the battery factories, because they'll be in China! 
Its all about those oil profits
Poor old edison of 2010s.
The red was overdone, you can barely tell his eyes are open. But good meem anyway
Are yall really gonna ignore that he's literally an idiot lol
But the SEC was created after the Great Depression...
U wot?
It's just because he came very close to calling out the tribe.
Yes, Elon Musk and the State Examinations Commission. Couldn't think of a better match 
What the banks did was unethical but legal
*daddy musk
Anyone think it's strange that all this stuff happens to Musk since he droped off Trump's advisory Council? 
Fuck Musk
"I am leaving Tesla, good luck."
just commenting to get total comments to 420
r/elonmusk
Jesus Christ can Bama stop ruining everything?
hey man the SEC is going to get back all the hundreds of dollars this cost people
He threatens their way of life.
Lost a lot of money on this  💩
So what? People are upset that their hero Musk is being called on his bullshit tweets? He fucked up... he isn’t above reproach. Why people treat him like tech Jesus I will never understand. 
The real problem is Elon didn’t have Selena Gomez explain to him these rules. How would he know what a short seller is?
Why do I keep calling for meme stocks?
The difference is Musk did not settle before SEC filed the suit. Could have easily been avoided if Musk is not so stubborn.
The is a difference between making a bad investment and breaking the law. 
Maybe the banks went crying to the SEC because they were the shorts o.O
I'm slightly concerned that all this stuff going on is going to delay humans going to mars or commercializing space
Can somebody please explain how the sec fuck ups led to the financial crisis? Genuinely curious 
it's funny but it's also really fucking scary that this is the environment these days and nobody gives a shit 
For good reason too. Shit if I am going to be a big paycheck 10 years down the line, fuck it. Sign me up! 
Wait. What is Elon guilty of? Isn't Twitter public? It's a forward looking statement and subject to same risks as a financial forecasts. What am I missing?
Tesla tweet: "It is with great regret and sadness that I must report that TSLA will be taken private at $269.99.  All public investors will be forced out at this number, otherwise forfeiting their ownership.  Funding for the transaction come from three places, Musk's personal savings, Tesla Savings, and a number of unnamed investors".  

Edit: Wew this blew up, Comment hijack text follows:

The indictment conflates Musk's tweet that morning with the fact that Bin Salman, 2 hours later used his father's Saudi Arabian petrol dollars to purchase 2.1 billion USD worth of $TSLA at the market, pressuring the stock 2 hours later. The stock was trending down before the Saudis bid up the asking price. The one person worldwide who has the greatest legitimate claim on being deceived by Musk's rogue tweets is Bin Salman of Saudi Arabia.  Maybe we can get him in here for an AmA.

Here's a info graphic illustrating the distinct separation between the events and another times article also found conflating the events (corporate owned Fake news): https://i.imgur.com/NzMb2L4.png

In the graphic, the table in the lower right shows the tweet time juxtaposed with the 2 billion Saudi purchase. Bin Salman was deceived! He bought at 375 expecting $420, but got $270 instead.  The indictment would have you believe that Musk had a guilty conscience when tweeting, to launch his stock to $520 with a dishonest tweet, but the reality shows it's more likely that the Saudis based their decision on private talks, not on the tweet.  Therefore the tweet has provably nothing to do with the 11% gain that day.  Worse, this graphic proves Bin Salman or his representatives were insider trading that week.  This appears to be him caught red handed doing public trading on information that nobody else could know.  The SEC should be getting to the bottom of this.  But instead: Salman for his connection to insider trading, and the more general problem of foreign wealthy citizens colluding to profit from the American economy while not having to obey its laws: https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/15/78j
I was wondering if it's all part of the plan. He makes deal with the Saudis who agree but want it cheaper. He goes on Rogan, smokes weed and shares tank.

Makes dumb tweets shares tank. Sec removes him from company but Saudis don't want to make decisions just get return so they let musk call all the shots... 

Longest con Elon
That would be a hilarious long con. 
More like 69.69
It was a deal at 420, its a steal at 269.

&#x200B;
At this rate? $69.69
Soon it’ll be at 69.69
If he does take it private, I hope he copies his last tweet word for word but with the correct price so the SEC cant do anything about it just to troll them
On a side not I now use 'Funding Secured' when we have our monthly Mgmt. contract award status meetings. 

It's the small things in life that being me joy.   
Lol. reddit likes to make it's own offhanded comments with the unconscious idea that this is a closed community. check the alexa rankings. all these fucking circle jerks influence the outcomes as well.. but you'll never admit it #rantover
I hear boobs are fucking amazing. Long $BOOB 
Nice try SEC
I keep a bottle of real maple syrup hidden behind my sauerkraut so my wife doesn't use it because she thinks Aunt Jemima is just as good and honestly I don't know if her mouth is rarted.

Or did you mean like financial insider info?
Bush did 7/11
I thought they just checked Twitter all day 
Well they sure regulate college football
that would require reading the first sentence of the SEC wikipedia page 
Does it not? https://www.sec.gov/spotlight/dodd-frank/derivatives.shtml
Imagine thinking big banks dont partake in any activities the SEC monitors
Imagine thinking that banks don't have trading desks or that they don't participate in asset securitization.
Imagine thinking the sec doesn't regulate securities.  

Lol fuck this sub is autistic.  
You're right. No one regulates the banks. 
The government itself defines the SEC as a “Non-Bank Financial Regulator”. https://fas.org/sgp/crs/misc/R40249.pdf .
Who are all the retards who upvoted this comment
Securities were a big cause of the crisis...so...
He also has literally no one else to blame but himself.
Why is he in a bad place? I missed something
The $1.3 billion class action just announced wont help either.  Theyre going to have to raise funds or will go bankrupt in 2019...and 1.3 billion is a large portion of their cash on hand as it is.  I dont see how a company being sued for an enormous sum of money, is significantly cash flow negative, hasnt scaled, and whose leader is being removed, is going to weather this well especially as they try to raise money.  At the least the interest rate is going to be a killer and non serviceable (which is why they will struggle to raise funds at all).  Then again this stock has defied logic for quite some time.
Isn’t that what that guy also did in Wolfe of Wall St?
Did you comprehend the article at all?

He turned it down because it involved him removing himself as CEO for 2 years which he is obviously not willing to do. He'd rather drag it out for a few years.
So buy calls ?
This. The big banks were hard to file chargers against and even harder to prosecute. One of the contributors to the 2008 financial crisis was the underfunding of the SEC (still an issue). They have a hard time going for big banks because they don’t have the resources. 

Elon Musk on the other hand tweeted it. You or I could have investigated this case and come to the conclusion he’s in the wrong. Slam dunk case means the SEC are going to go for it. 
"Yo are what's known as a Grenada case... We could come in with our dicks hanging out of our pants and still win."
An important question people are overlooking is WHY Musk rejected the deal. He's a smart guy, the answer isn't "Elon's crazy lol."

What parts of the deal were unacceptable and why? My personal belief is the requirement for independent board members. They would need to look at the books: Real model 3 demand, the actual projected cash flow for the next 3 quarters, the chances of successfully raising capital from the market, status of various lawsuits, etc. 

IMO there is only one conclusion from this information (currently hidden from investors), and any non-sycophantic execs and board members will immediately see it: Bankruptcy. 
The SEC cannot prosecute, only the DOJ can. They can only bring civil charges against him. Therefore, they do not prosecute. Prosecutors are criminal in nature (e.g., DAs and AGs). 
too big to fail 


Where the SEC is concerned that is all very muddled. Elon's tweet is like a rubric for things you can't say and will bring down the wrath of the SEC uppon you.

It's like the difference between a very careful but successful bank heist. and throwing a rock at a bank window right in front of the security cameras. Sure one is worse, but the latter is much easier to punish.
Feelsgoodman
[deleted]
I just wish I had been a bit older so I could’ve gotten a piece of that pie before it all fell apart. 
See, the problem was, Elon Fucked up over a bunch of rich people (short sellers) with that tweet. If he was fucking poor people it would have been okay.
First hour are bunch of bozos trading before heading to their jobs. Reality will check in before 12pm est god willing.
It’s all already baked in to the stock price. What he did was so egregious and blatant that the stock has already dropped what it was going to from the announcement of these charges. Remember individuals like you and me is not what generally drives the price. It’s institutional investors. 
Uptick rule
Prob go back up to -5% by close.
A lot of people just see it as a way to pick up Tesla for cheap.
I'm 👏 woke 👏
He's probably butthurt for stupid calls on a tanking/mismanaged company.
>thinks r/lsc has any intelligence 
At least it's not stupid enough to be r/wsb  levels of economic ignorance 🙃
We aren't retarded were autistic, it's different
Definitely retarded, the top comment (which is probably on /r/bestof but I'm too lazy to check) is straight up moronic but reddit is eating that shit up
Big banks hate lil banks
Just cull them all out, can't have problems with big banks if you removed them.
> ith the current political administration they don't have the power to go after big banks 

as if they had that power with ANY president
Sauce on the keyboard thing? 
Elon Musk is not a person tho
Like that time investors and auditors were complaining about Bernard Madoff for over 18 years
Wait, what law was broken exactly? I though the SEC was just an organization that had rules, not laws. 
They did they just didn’t think it was funny.
[deleted]
Which is hilarious because 99% of the time reddit is all for taking down big corporations. Imagine if the fucking Chick Fil A CEO did this, holy fuck some of these people would literally be jerking their cocks to this news, there definitely wouldn't be a comment "bUt BiG BaNkS!" in the first 50 comment threads




BUT NOT ELON!!!!!!!!!!!!
[deleted]
I think all the years of wallstreetbets has rotted your brain into forgetting that banks have equity holders in the public markets and have to abide by SEC regulations.  

Also this is a fucking picture from a children’s cartoon, lighten up a little 
The banks originated the mortgage securities that caused the housing crisis.  So yes, the SEC has jurisdiction over a lot of what banks do.  Especially investment banks even more so than retail banks.
Using the complexity of financial literacy to confuse normies in order to gain an unregulated advantage? Color me fuckin surprised. Also, 
> if most of what was done was illegal, they just wouldn't do it.

And I thought $MU holders were delusional. I'll have 3 of whatever the fuck this guy is on.
securities and exchange commission 
>complains about normies

>posts on reddit 
I'll make one attempt, and clear up any further questions. Most people who ask this question counter with 'nuh-uh' which I have no time for.


First, the tweet didn't decrease the stock value. It increased it.

Second, the problem is the combination of the tweets  - $420/share, funding secured, and contingent on shareholder vote.

Had he gone with any one of these things, it would have been sufficiently vague enough. If he had just said 'Funding Secured,' it doesn't give us a price. It could mean at $20/share. Since he gave a price that was ~$60 over what the stock was selling at, said it was secured, and the only thing lacking was a shareholder vote, he fucked up.

He doubly fucked up because in 2013 Tesla filed an 8k saying that twitter was a legitimate outlet for news from Elon Musk.That damns them.


They need to stick to football!! This is outrageous!!
Who would of thought
SEC doesn't regulate banks. 
he did look to secure funding to take the company private, so it wasn't a joke.
remember he wanted to make that pravda site to fuck with american media and now they all hate him 
**BOTTOM TEXT**
If people are gaslighting you or have a history of the behavior record all conversations and save text messages. Older generation cant pull one of their moves that way. 
in 2013 Tesla filed an 8k saying that twitter was a legitimate outlet for news from Elon Musk.That damns them.
the ceo of tesla tweeted about taking the company private and now he's in trouble.
in 2013 Tesla filed an 8k saying that twitter was a legitimate outlet for news from Elon Musk.That damns them.
And from r/wallstreetbets
[deleted]
SEC *taps turban of Bin Salman*

Imagine how much MU 60 10/19s can you buy with 2.1billion instead of Tsla 420 FDs.
Sorry you went to all the trouble of developing this theory ... They bought the shares well before the tweet.

>The exact timing of the purchase is not known, though it is believed to have taken place after the crown prince’s tour of the US in March. Because the stake is below the 5% threshold, it did not require public disclosure. BNN Bloomberg reports that the PIF is now one of Tesla’s top 8 shareholders. (For other top shareholders, see: “Much Of Tesla’s Stock Is Held By Institutional Investors. Why Do Short Sellers Claim Otherwise?“)

https://cleantechnica.com/2018/08/07/saudis-public-investment-fund-builds-a-significant-stake-in-tesla-stock-trading-halted-amidst-tesla-surge/
How is this moronic shit so upvoted










*looks at sub*




oh okay makes sense
The Saudis have the Quaran which holds up Allah and Mohammad as an example of the perfect person, it's full of schemes and long convuluted plots and conspiracies.  It's a great read.  Mohammad conquered half the known world in his peak.  

There a non zero possibility that Musk's tweet is the red herring, it's the Saudi Arabian insider trading that is the real target.  But you can't just run straight up to your target, you gotta make pretend you're attacking something else, so your mark doesn't move.  

Saudi Arabian trust funds are insider trading private talks with impuginity, and Musk's tweet was the match that set the conspiracy on fire in the minds of all the peoples.
What
Wow I might have to try this move. 
>you will never get paid to browse social media to find potential securities fraud from shitposting CEOs


So what's the upside of staying alive again? 
During the financial crisis dozens of SEC employees were busy surfing porn sites like LadyBoyJuice for hours every day. No joke.

https://dealbreaker.com/2010/04/sec-official-who-surfed-tranny-porn-to-deal-with-stress-of-the-job-not-alone/

http://voices.washingtonpost.com/federal-eye/2010/04/eye_opener_porn_and_federal_wo.html
if they did, they nail trumps cabinet for insider. Ross had spy puts when trump put the first batch of tariffs
The bias is REAL!
>The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) is an independent agency of the United States federal government. The SEC holds primary responsibility for enforcing the federal securities laws, proposing securities rules, and regulating the securities industry, the nation's stock and options exchanges, and other activities and organizations, including the electronic securities markets in the United States
I guess since it regulates securities, it could prosecute banks on that part of their business. But carelessly trading shitty securities isn't really why the banking system has failed (the banks were supposed to be resilient to bad trades). And even then most of that trading wasn't fraudulent just stupid for the level of risk a bank should normally take (not a lot). Do you think the commission can dictate how much risk an entity can take? No, since there are other agencies that have that level of regulatory power over the banks

The whole structure was rotten, from interbank loans to shitty risk management to low liquidity. So no, SEC couldn't have done shit to the banks simply because... that's not their purpose at all. Unless I've completely misunderstood what the SEC is 🤔 
I guess the S stands for securities as in Mortgage backed securities..oh wait..
I guess the S stands for securities as in Mortgage backed securities..oh wait..
as I said earlier, the SEC would technically be able to go against banks but that the idea itself is idiotic. Since banks have their own regulatory agencies,  why would the SEC even be needed? a part from a few exceptions, the SEC never gets involved in the banking world
Right? No one here actually works in banking it appears
They had prop desks, but DF ended that. 
I work at at large bank, on an asset securitization desk. The SEC is not our primary regulator / the regulator we care most about. You are wrong
Apparently securities are only stocks and derivatives. 

>Lol fuck this sub is autistic

Ironic 
imagine just ignoring the whole discussion in the comments  to post this
Why doesn't he just have a spokesperson old press conferences to say "sorry he meant the opposite" every time he tweets something.
In movies with businesses there's always that point where the protagonist fights the board because they don't think he's a good fit anymore. Even though the protagonist started the company and made it into a powerhouse. I feel like this is that point... And I might have to side with the board.
Because he refused the deal and the SEC  has him dead to rights. It's literally open and shut. The plea even included no admission of guilt, so they gift wrapped it to him, and he threw it back in their faces.
because he tweeted a fradulent buyout statement. quite literally the dumbest possible thing to say on twitter for a man in his position
Well for one he committed fraud
What class action? Can you link source?
>Did you comprehend the article at all?

ironic

>it involved him removing himself as CEO

No it didn't. It involved him stepping down as *chairman*, which is not the same thing as CEO. 

Don't come in here swinging insults about not comprehending the article when you yourself are failing in that area.
No. It involved removing him as Chairman, and let him stay CEO. 

Turning down the deal is the dumbest thing he's ever done and he deserves what he gets now.
This case is not going to be dragged out for years so idk what his calculus is on this.  SEC can win this clean.  They filed the charges within 2 months which is almost unheard of.
That isn't what the article said though. He would just not be chairman of the board. He would still be Tesla CEO.
Yeah, it's still a slap on the wrist and honestly he should probably just focus on SpaceX and leave Tesla to the adults anyway.
chairman, he could have stayed CEO
Straddle it like the wild mare it is going to be over the next few weeks. 
It really is stupid they didn't reap what they sowed, but not bailing out banks is one of the factors that made the great depression so bad. I don't know what they should have done in 2007, but leaving the banks to die would have seriously hurt the economy.
I never got that. Ok the bank is too big to fail. You don't put banks in jail you put the guys in charge. Ok don't close this and that bank. Just you know jail the ones responsible

There's a lack of people capable of upper management or something?
American people: to stupid to care
I don't know too much about Solar City and how it operated but by the sounds of the comment it sounds very similar to 2008 mortgages. I'll take a look in to it.
How does being a minority or POC change how they should be treated?
I don't think Musk is considered liberal, he sure as hell doesn't act like it
I hope so. Elon could slaughter a bunch of puppies then say his cars are junk and the stock would still go up somehow. 
Those idiots with their jobs and income. 
Hopefully 
the second we saw that tweet we sold. recklessness is not an investment
2001 called?
Oh yeah im definitely buying tesla on this drop but i just guessed it would drop more today
There probably are pedos in the big banks. probably paid off SEC to go after elon, pedo-slayer
But it is
Thank you.  Retards don't buy AMD.  
That’s why they just buy them after they’re done using them. 
enough money gonna need a safe
With no Vaseline.
Big fraud like a billionaire did it 
I found this http://gcnewyork.com/columns10/051310vines.html
I'm pretty sure the Constitution grants elongated muskrats the same rights as any other citizen.
Oh shit Elon lizard confirm
Oh shit.
Good point. Makes me wonder if they find anything funny
Sure, but the SEC does not have the type of general enforcement the OP implies.  The BoFAML case was about Merrill Lynch executive bonuses. GS was sort of related in that it was about subprime morgages and defrauding investors.  But the SEC is not regulating bank law.  Bank law is the FDIC, OCC, etc.
See my comment above.
There was a Dutch bank recently caught money laundering for criminals, banks will do illegal shit if they think they can get away with it and have a couple of fall guys.
>unregulated advantage

Yeah, you don't go to jail if you don't break the law. Finance isn't some fucking underground mafia of Illuminati jews. It's like 90% institutions.
It seems pretty sus that he refuses to take a reasonably sweetheart deal from the SEC. Is it because it would prompt a death spiral if he took it?
They win a few national championships and think they can run everything now!
420 is the weed lmao number, obviously it was a joke
Whoops. If only they'd have realized their leader was going to call hero divers pedophiles, and borrow investment media strategies from 50 Cent.
oh? but he cant now?
Naw man we're too broke from failed AMD FDs.
not when you control the price of oil. 

Deceived by one American - make all the poor Americans repay the debt at the pump.
I dunno about all that but they invested in another electric car maker as well
But the Arabs invented the zero.
There is none, this existence I've placed you in IS itself the post-death hell that the Christians warned you about.  

Does it hurt now?  How about now?  Your agony brings me joy.  I did well in the past life, so this, and you, are my reward.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=in0eB7N5pNM

In 2008, the big banks had taken the US economy as hostage, the banks can and did credibly threaten an end to US world sovereignty via default on all US treasuries leading to cascade to USD hyperinflation.  The taken hostage had infinite value, and the criminals used that to negotiate immunity from justice at the expense of the taxpayers.  Musk does not have a hostage to negotiate  immunity from justice let alone preferable treatment.
The sweet rhythm
So are they hiring?
[deleted]
They are really focused on securities offerings, not systemic risk/risk-appetite for financial instruments created/traded by financial firms. 

Even after Dodd-Frank, it’s he job of FSOC and not the SEC. 
There is evidence that banks knowingly packaged shit loans to get high ratings and flip them. That is fraud. Moreover, in some instances those same banks bet against those loans even more fraud. The SEC can absolutely prosecute fraud like that. 
The banks originated all those structured debt instruments and cdos.  They knew they were hiding risk and there were even audio tapes of this.  The SEC could definitely have gone after them so you are wrong.  The sec prosecuted Enron and did Enron produce and securities?  [https://www.sec.gov/about/offices/oia/oia\_enforce/overviewenfor.pdf](https://www.sec.gov/about/offices/oia/oia_enforce/overviewenfor.pdf)
You're correct, and even if what the banks did could have been considered securities fraud, Congress was balls-deep in regulatory efforts once this happened so the SEC rolling in would have been a bit redundant. 
The SEC did go after one of the main actors of the 2008 financial crisis:

https://www.reuters.com/article/us-sec-s-p-ratings-idUSKBN0KU1PR20150121
This is WSB of course we don’t
And who *is* your primary regulator?
Apparently a cds is a security.
LoOk...
Pfffft he’s a CEO, not the President of the United States.
"See you have to take him seriously but not literally!"

Where have I heard that before?
Because he already has the entirety of reddit to do that for him
I hear Sean Spicer is free...
He was going to take the company privan't
He's probably deluded with all the self medication
When he first made the tweet it was pointed out by many here that he specifically insisted shareholders follow his twitter for up to date information on Tesla. He even cleared his use of twitter by the SEC so if he actually planned to go through with taking Tesla private then the tweet probably wouldn't have gotten him in trouble. 
Or the Board kicks him out so he uses the serum on himself and becomes the Green Goblin.
Musk didn’t even start Tesla
Steve jobs? 
not even that, his mistake was the dumbass fraud tweet in the first place
IM NOT FUCKING LEAVING
Note however that the SEC does not have criminal powers. It only files civil cases, so worst case scenario is that Elon Musk pays a bigger fine. When fraud is severe enough to require criminal prosecution, the SEC usually hands the-case over to the DOJ
Labaton.com/en/about/press/upload/Tesla-Complaint-for-Posting-2.pdf
bwahHaha 
\> In its claims for relief, the SEC recommended that Musk pay a penalty and that he be "prohibited from acting as an officer or director" of a public company. 

&#x200B;

I think he was confused because the article said this is what SEC is suing him for, not the settlement that was nearly agreed upon last week. 
yeah thats pretty fucking dumb
Accepting the deal would potentially have damaged his ability to negotiate contracts between SpaceX and the government. SpaceX is far more important to him than Tesla, making the deal a non starter.
If Intel has taught me anything money can fix every legal problem.
You want to make a wager on this?
Doubt this is an open/shut case otherwise they would not have offered such a petty settlement.
The money isn't an issue. I see this dragging out and then Elon settling for just a fine.
No other adult would want the reigns at Tesla, seeing as how it will forever bleed red ink.  But you didn't hear that from me.
Unless the chairman decides differently though, right? 


Several things.

First banks should **not** have been allowed use any funds from the government to do anything except keep operations running.  No bonuses, no elaborate trips, only to keep the banks solvent.  Period.

Second homeowners should've been allowed to write off losses on a house if they bought it before August 2008 and sold it before Jan 2014 (or something similar).  Maybe limit it to $10k per year, and maybe a certain total amount, but they should've allowed homeowners that actually bought affordable homes in expensive areas that they could afford but had to move for whatever reason get some sort of "pay back" in the form of reduced taxation.

Bailing out the banks IMO was needed to prevent another Great Depression, but how the bail out was applied was seriously flawed.
[deleted]
for one, fine and make sure anybody above mid level management could never run a bank ever again

instead they all got huge bonuses for getting bailout money
The government should have just bought them and made a public bank.  North Dakota’s had a public bank for decades that’s served North Dakotans amazingly.

When they fail again, the governments just going to have to bail them out again.  Public banks are notoriously more stable and common in other countries.
The economy has way more than fully recovered from the Great Recession...I think the right move was made.
It doesn't, but if you have a race card to play in today's America you capitalize.   

If they can racially extort a given situation, they will.  
In America, believing climate change isn't a Chinese hoax makes you liberal, apparently.
Liberal with the kush 
Could he .. shoot someone in the middle of 5th Ave and still have people cheer?
True, its amazing how people blindly/faithfully follow tesla
But he can’t take a puff of a joint.
Sorry, the "alternative uptick rule."

[https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/9jg7wo/rip\_tesla/](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/9jg7wo/rip_tesla/)
Whats is with having power and the urge to fuck kids. Someone needs to do a study on this 
>	Rep. Darrell Issa (R-Calif.), ranking Republican on the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, said it was “nothing short of disturbing that high-ranking officials within the SEC were spending more time looking at pornography than taking action to help stave off the events that brought our nation’s economy to the brink of collapse.”

In 2010 it was discovered that senior SEC lawyers and employees were spending upwards of of 8 hours a day on sites like “ladyboyjuice” during the crisis.

http://voices.washingtonpost.com/federal-eye/2010/04/eye_opener_porn_and_federal_wo.html

https://dealbreaker.com/2010/04/sec-official-who-surfed-tranny-porn-to-deal-with-stress-of-the-job-not-alone/
I heard the banks have secret pedo basements. They use code words like "financing" and "vault" to say what sex act they want.
He's a hologram. The actual Elon is on Mars. Has anybody actually seen him get touched?? 
"He called us nerds, Gary. Nerds!"
>There was a Dutch bank recently caught money laundering for criminals

I'm not saying crime is impossible, i'm saying most people aren't actively engaged in illegal activity. They did the stuff they did *specifically because they knew it was legal.*

[Just read the official inquiry report](https://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/GPO-FCIC/pdf/GPO-FCIC.pdf) which doesn't conclude with massive conspiracy.

>**We conclude widespread failures in financial regulation and supervision proved devastating to the stability of the nation’s financial markets**
Does it? Imagine being Elon Musk for a minute. People hang on your every word. You can go on TV and say you are 99.9% positive that human life is a simulation, and get no backlash. You can miss stated goals by literally years, and face almost no backlash.

For you or I, turning down the SEC deal would be pretty suspect, because we can look at ourselves objectively. I believe that years of Musk never really being challenged on anything has filled him with hubris and made him think he is invincible.

I'm just a dumbass on reddit, though, so, grain of salt.
Not sure if you're serious, but him rounding up his estimate by a dollar to hit 420 was a joke, but that isn't what he's in trouble for. Saying he had funding to go private wasn't a joke and that's what the sec is concerned with. 
he claimed to have secured funding to go private at a certain price, but it wasn't true. because that can be seen as manipulating the price of his companies stock, the SEC gets involved. 
AMD? You're rich. More like MU bro.
excuse me sir can i trouble you for some tendies
no they stole that from india. it is more than likely that they stole all their maths from conquering india, and then just burned the records like they burned the library of alexandria
For all we know our existence is merely a stress test used to measure if we're adapt enough to living in the real world, the world outside the simulated stress test.  This could also be an inescapable super jail. Or perhaps the big crunch happens, we big bang again and everything starts over from day 1 and you live the same life you'll always live, over and over, with no knowledge of your past lives. 
How can reincarnation be real if islam is the only true religion??
Hell is a playground for devils. I'm home.
What?
Take me with jadedtater, we are pros.
Wait did you go into Margin or did you day trade too much? 
Not only that, they pressured originators to extend loans with little to no examination of creditworthiness. Then, they bundled them together into MBSs and shopped around for ratings until one of the 3 agencies would slap a Aaa rating on it. I’m no lawyer, but I’d be willing to bet there’s some statute against that. 

TLDR: it’s negligence at least
The problem of who regulates banks is one of the reasons the system failed. Essentially, the legal form that a bank took would make it subject to one of maybe 3 or 4 regulators. This allowed banks to select the regulator they wanted. Banks pay fees to the regulators, so the regulators did what they could to attract banks, and so started the race to the bottom (regulators tried to ease restrictions in order to attract banks). I’m fairly certain (but could be wrong) that regulators have exclusive jurisdiction (e.g. if the state, FDIC, OTS, etc. regulated a bank, other regulators could not). There is a whole bunch of case law hashing this out, but it was ultimately decided that one regulator would have the power and others could not impose more stringent rules/regulations. 

Taking a step back, the SEC regulates interactions between public security markets and investors. There is oversight over private equity as well,  but largely because they rely on certain exceptions to legislation that the SEC oversees. Really, they oversee the sale of securities. 

What banks were doing, engaging in extremely risky loan practices and likely falsifying loan documents to approve substandard applicants, had nothing to do with the offering of securities in the bank, but business activities conducted by the bank. Thus, regulation was really in the domain of bank regulators and not the SEC. That said, I’m sure big banks issued annual reports that didn’t adequately disclose the risks of the assets they were holding, in addition to the fraudulent activities taking place. While you can argue that these were performed by a few bad apples, it seems like it was top down in many ways. 

In any event, I’m sure if the SEC wanted to go after banks, they could have. But that’s not what happened. Our banks got support and no one really did anything to scold those pieces of shit. 
There are essentially no fiduciary duties for brokers, they can pretty much lie with impunity when matching buyers and sellers. Under the existing law, it was correct. The cases where they did have fiduciary duties though, like with Pension funds, they got slammed and paid millions in fines.  
Not really fraud. Giving them good ratings would be more considered fraud (S&P, Moody's, Fitch). Unethical on the banks part to keep getting good ratings on shit bonds? Sure. Fraud? Not really. 
interesting. I knew that some trades were absolutely fraudulent but I didn't know they bet against fraudulent securities too. But wasn't actual, proven fraud still really rare? The SEC still should've absolutely gone after those cases, but that wouldn't have had any significant effect on the banks. Especially considering the size of the holes they were in at that point.

And overall, regulatory oversight of the banks is dealt with by agencies that were specially created for that purpose. Even the SEC [website] (https://www.sec.gov/fast-answers/answersbankreghtm.html) states that while they regulate some securities that banks play with, you should go directly to those agencies if you have any complaint/evidence of wrong doing against a bank
Is it fraud? The ratings were fraudulent yes, but was that on the banks themselves who didn't package the MBSs?
https://www.dw.com/en/financial-crisis-bank-fines-hit-record-10-years-after-market-collapse/a-40044540
Oooh, and in addition, we haven't even discussed the Libor scandal. European regulatory agencies have taken punitive actions against UBS, Deutsche Bank and others for their role in manipulating the Libor rate. However, the SEC (who has rights to investigate this as Libor rate impacts the US derivatives market), never charged any US persons with crimes. They investigated JP Morgan, Citi, and Bank of America but took no action. 
There is a lot of crimes involved here, it’s sort of a reach to label the whole thing securities fraud. 
The SEC is designed to protect against fraud targeting “Main Street investors” (the little guys). It does not step in to regulate trade against giant banks trading with other huge financial institutions. They don’t need protecting because they have power and can afford their own. 
*gets defensive and spews verbal diharrea that’s easily disproven for 45 minutes*
I feel like Reddit kind of turned on him when he called that rescue worker a pedo.
He smoked pot once and now we see his life becoming ruined. Reefer madness was right.
The Musky Mutant
Correct he simply funded it and advised since it’s initial founding up until the point he had to intervene and boot the CEO.
Oh  yeah, the fraud was a bigger mistake, but the settlement is an easy choice, and he had a chance to discuss it with other people, rather than turn it down in an off the cuff tweet. 

The fraud I can kinda understand. Sometimes your thoughts and your words get away from you and you say something you shouldn't. Turning down this deal, though? I think it's actually worse because it means he is ignoring the advice of everyone around him.
You know the DoJ investigation has started already, right? The SEC doesn't want a fine since he turned down this deal. Now that are trying to remove him from Tesla and get an admission of guilt. Admission of guilt screws him in the civil class action suits he is also facing.
Musk and Tesla have money, but they don't have anything close to Intel's "fuck the rules, I have money" money.
The SEC exists to protect the wealthy from other wealthy people. Usual calculus does not apply. 
Yes, Musk can definitely fix this by giving up his money (by paying fines and leaving his cushy CEO position).
yeah but tesla isn't doing that well with the whole "money" thing
Out of the loop here; what did Intel do?
Don’t see two years away from public companies as petty. Tesla could lose half it’s market cap without his hype inflating shares.
Good ideas in wsb? am I losing my mind?
Exactly. The government let Lehman fail, and that was the catalyst to spur the 2008 financial crisis. I think people forget how critical it was to ensure banks did not fail. 
Couldn't agree more... was a complete shambles.
That's basically what they did. Banks made a shitload of money after the bailout, the bailout was funding liquidity and capital. Banks made a bunch of money because they ended up being able to buy a bunch of expensive stuff for super cheap.
I'm with you. As much as I resent that we had to bail out the banks, the alternative would have been an absolute economic implosion. It would literally have plunged us into another great depression. 

But the fact that they (the banks) literally requested the keys to the treasury and abolished all oversight on how they were going to spend the money was completely fucked up. They practically wrote in the T&C's "bail us out, but you can't ask us how we're using the money." 
But austerity is so much more fun
Uncle Sam can spend less out of pocket bailing them out if the banks can get some of their bailout money from selling other people's homes.

What you are suggesting is clearly the better option, but its also more expensive.
Yes lets force a property economic bubble up and up what could possibly happen
Was it Kanye who said this or who again lmao
I mean, I want Tesla to succeed just because I want a nice electric car. For years the legacy automakers have sandbagged it and made shitty, slow, stupid-looking EVs so they can claim that there's no demand for them. The Model 3 has shown there's legitimate demand for a decent EV, but at the same time, I'm fucking tired of Musk constantly pushing the company to the edge of failure. It Tesla fails, it won't be because of some nefarious scheme by big oil and the legacy auto manufacturers, but just because Musk won't stop tweeting dumb shit.
> blindly

Wouldn't use this word. He is a front man for innovation, alternative energy and and space exploration. If he wasn't alive and hasn't had the luck he's had, do you really think there'd be many companies stepping up and creating electric consumer vehicles? What private company would have chopped the cost of sending satellites into orbit? Beyond his death what he's provided to humanity will live on, not many people can say that.
Yeah, it's not like they've produced the best model electric cars ever created or anything
I think the results of the company speak for itself, regardless of this dumb move by their CEO.
You're making the correlation backwards, people who want to fuck kids seek the power to get away with it.
I think pedophilia is just rampant among humanity in general and only the rich and powerful are capable to getting away with it. Through influence, coercion, bribes. Seriously pedophilia is so prevalent.
Frack
Wait, what do they do with the kids when they grow up?
True in 2008 it was unethical but legal, I just thought in your original statement you meant banks would never do illegal stuff.
Dunno. there are a lot of reasons that could benefit him though. Say it goes to $200 there is a good chance he could take it private and then give the finger to the SEC.
tbh I know next to nothing about the situation
This existence is a stress test for the "real world" which is actually a stress test for the "real "real world"" which is actually.....
I don't want to live in the real world, I've seen that show and it doesn't look fun.
This is alot
>starts over from day 1

So basically it’s free real estate. 
Religions are the post-death feeble attempt at re-uniting with the source that created your environment and you, but you betrayed it, and it has forever turned its back on you and put you into the machine of unspeakable doom, where you are reincarnated again and again, each time you are afraid of death, and yet each time you die, you are made again, to be tortured again, living in fear of death.  You think death is the rest, but it's just the reset button.

There is a God, and religion is nothing but the endless howls of a prisoner in solitary confinement.  He's closed his ears to the suffering tens of trillions of years ago.  And God was so vengeful that he vowed to leave the torture machine on for eternity.
The flesh of the message is different than the words, unfortunately. 
#MeToo I’m super good at not seeing any wrong doing in the banking industry. 
[deleted]
Obama administration was clearly not interested in prosecuting the banks or anyone else for the crisis. I highly, highly recommend the book The Chickenshit Club: Why the Justice Department Fails to Prosecute Executives by Jesse Eisinger to read more about it. Basically, the size and scope of these cases were too daunting, too complex, and a lot of the FBI's resources went into anti-terror measures rather than trying to investigate these crimes.
There was clear collusion though so it was conspiracy to commit fraud... 
1. overstate assets
2. overstate revenues
3. understate costs
4. understate liabilities
5. understate pennystock

Those are the five characteristics of securities fraud according to Wikipedia. In what way is selling bad mortgages based on bogus ratings not fraud? I'd say there is significant overstatement of assets and understatement of liabilities in these cases.
Considering that there has never been a criminal investigation, I think the fact that any evidence of fraud emerged at all is incredible. What we know we know from email leaks and the like. Who knows what would happen if the banks actually had to turn over information. 
bruh this guy doesn’t know wtf he’s talking about

betting against CDOs with CDSs is known by another term: hedging, but lmao guess that isn’t as fun to say 

shit was so complicated and fucked up that one hand usually didn’t know what the other was doing, that’s why Morgan Stanley almost got fucked hard even though FrontPoint had a shitload of CDSs.

shit needed to be reined in but proving intentional fraud? Lmao good luck with that one.

unlike dipshit here who even said he fudged the number so it would be 420 (blaze it) instead of 419
I guess we would have to see in court but I think that would be a rather weak case. There is evidence that they knew they were packaging and selling bad loans and then betting against them. I think that alone would qualify as fraud by any reasonable definition regardless of if a third party was helping them commit the fraud. 
Yeah that's what autists in this thread don't seem to understand. The banks have their own agencies and their own regulatory oversight.
 but m-muh banks trade in securities so SEC obviously can get involved
not /r/teslamotors - the ultimate elon circlejerk
He also called for a "yelp for journalists" that got the WrongThink™ police all riled up too.
He’s gonna be the poster boy for D.A.R.E. 

*You see kids don’t try drugs!* 
Elon musks life is far from ruined. These comments all seem a tad bit far fetched. 

*I was ultimately replying to the prior comment.
The man's ego is out of control. The media and all the young liberal women he's banging have been telling him he is a god for the last 5 years and he started to believe it.
As a Tesla investor myself with short and long term calls....I am curious why you think he is not listening to everyone around him.  How do you know his lawyers didn't tell him to reject this deal?  
Oh nice. Fuck him
Musk doesn't have much money and neither does Tesla, most of his net worth is from his own shares in Tesla which he is very reluctant to give up.
Tesla barely has money. Their reserves are deposits for 35k cars that are never going to exist, and currently are sold at a loss.

They are going to need to find funds super soon. 
>	leaving his cushy CEO position

What the fuck are you smoking
Yeah I'm sure he just lays back and soaks it all in as a CEO. /s
This is a lawsuit against Elon Must, not Tesla. And he actually does pretty well with the whole "money" thing (at least for now).
They paid a lot of money to not sell AMD CPUs even though at the time they were the CLEAR leader in performance. It got to a point where Dell`s reputation suffered because they only sold slow crap with bad Intel CPUs but they were paid so much that they couldn't decline.

Well after like a 10 year long lawsuits where Intel just delayed it as much as possible they had to pay like 1b$ and never did it.

Well or something like that, this is only from memory. They did A LOT of shady things to AMD and just hoped that they went bankrupt before they lose in court.
And seeing as how Musk is leveraged to the gills with his TSLA stock, the spiral down for all involved would be the stuff of legend.
What would happen?
The current President of the United States...
Tfw comments from US president and Kanye are indistinguishable 
This comment is fucking hilarious 
>so they can claim that there's no demand for them

They also don't really want to sell them because there is no profit in them.  For reference, see Tesla.
But the only reason they’ve achieved what they have is because of Musk in the first place.
Honestly, Musk needs to take a loong vacation. Step away from everything, stop the drugs, stops the liquor, and stop the stress and simply not give a damn about the world for like a year.

And I think he'd become a lot more reasonable and lot less unhinged. 
I'd love to disagree and say humanity is better than that as a whole. I'm not sure I can convince myself much less anyone else.
They don't let them grow up.
\>which is actually.....  


a test for The Real World: New Orleans
I for one welcome our recursive i for one welcome our recursive i for one welcome our recursive...
It's stress tests all the way down.
>claims this is christian hell

>refers to buddhist and hindu philosophy

this ain't it chief. 
I have no mouth but I must scream 
DEEP
Very easy to believe that, you'd have to try pretty hard to lose money starting from late 2016. The market's been on a tear.
>Obama administration was clearly not interested in prosecuting the banks or anyone else for the crisis

probably his biggest failure as president imho
Nor the Bush administration. Not just the size and scope, Regulatory capture is a bitch.
Better to focus on implementing Sarbanes Oxley I guess.

Yep, and the revolving door between industry and government in high  posts within enforcement agencies. This is a problem no matter which party is in power. 
Sauce?
We’d find a lot of records that got destroyed, I mean servers which had reached “end of life” along with the data on them.
But the commercial banks weren't packaging the MBSs. That was the investment banks that bought them. Now they *probably* committed fraud, and at the very least did not do their due diligence, but the commercial banks are not on the hook for fraud. The ratings agencies on the other hand should certainly have gotten in trouble.
Proof weed makes you lazy 
so what you're saying is.. I should go to one of those fuckers in front of best buy and order some calls?
They are being sarcastic, idiot. 
Obviously I can't know with 100% certainty, but when every talking head says 'Christ, what the hell, why would he not take this deal?' and the SEC changes removing him as chairman for two years to removing him from Tesla, I'd say it is a pretty safe bet.

On the other hand, you can make the argument that it is all part of his master plan (I've heard this today a lot) but that was the same argument people tried to use when he made these tweets to begin with. The filing is pretty clear that is not the case - it even uses Tesla C level employees testimonies to make that point.
Oracle's Larry Ellison hasn't typically sold shares. He simply borrowed against them instead. Musk could easily do the same to raise billions. The safer bet so far has always been on Musk. That will probably hold for the near future at least. 
The same as Musk
Forgive my ignorance but are Tesla and TSLA the same thing? If so, why are people using the two terms interchangeably? 
  

1. Government prints money to support the "people" (is this a loan or a welfare? regardless..)
2. Banks get vastly more richer, their asset property portfolio looks bigger on paper as property keeps getting purchased, and the prices continue to rise year on year. This allows the banks to now have even more power to create money to issue loans.
3. House prices increase past the 2008 collapse point.
4. Governments sky rocketing debt balance created to support the people to pay these ever increasing irresponsible mortgages leads to mass cut backs in other sectors. People outcry saying "austerity does not work, the government has to invest in the people to grow the economy"
5. This would lead to a situation where the government start to realize, they now single-handedly prop up the entire banking industry. If they bailed now the banks will crash.

There’s now two options, ride it out, bubbles are called bubbles for a reason it will cause the government to go bankrupt as government issued investments such as bonds will lose value drastically

Or you stop the welfare, and leave the banks crash naturally, however now the governments balance sheet is not as great, could they bail out the banks in this situation?
😭lmfao man really is bugging out 
😑 That feel when your president is being compared to Kanye and is losing in the comparison.
That's not true!

I sometimes understand what Kanye is trying to say with his mouth words.
This and take me with but I'm no square were doing some tequila in Cancun at least once
The fact that you have shit like the Catholic priest cover ups, Hollywood pedo rings, and online distributors of TERRABYTES of CP, it speaks volumes about humans. 
This sounds like a line out of a straight to vhs horror movie
Or you could just be like me and invest in Chinese tech companies right before Trump decides to declare trade war on China.

Bagholding like a motherfucker. I'm not worried, though, China will pull through. China isn't the one trying to fuck up its trade agreements with the rest of the world.

Edit: also not in the red, but last year's gains got wiped out.
Nah, its not a good look to toss the previous administration in prison. 

Unwritten American rule.  Just like how everyone but us commits war crimes.
Nope, it was cause he wore a tan suit. /s
That’s fair, but it’s worth noting that it would have been incredibly difficult and would risk spooking the markets. 
A former Moody's managing director testified to the FCIC that investment banks threatened to take their business elsewhere if the ratings agency didn't play ball. I don't know if that's fraud, but it certainly is something. They knew they were bringing garbage bonds to the agencies. Further, analysts from the ratings agencies frequently left for investment banks and would use their knowledge of the ratings models against their former colleagues. That right there I would argue is illegal. 
Yup. All the servers destroyed in a freak lighting strike, or that were being transported to a different server site and fell off the truck...
The good news is that a criminal investigation would clear this up and pinpoint the people who are actually responsible and were actually hurting other people for their own gain. One of the issues that makes this more fucked up is that the line between commercial and investment banks had gotten increasingly blurrier in the last couple decades. 
The credit rating agencies are so vital to the global debt driven economy that no government would ever prosecute them. If companies fear consequences for bad risk management in giving credit, they'll just stop, destroying the housing, auto, and small business loan markets overnight
Thanks, dickhead.
That’s oracle. This is Tesla. They are too new and have very little in the way of cashflow. 
Not when Tesla shares are considered junk
Actually they're not.  TSLA is used to refer to the shares in Tesla, the public company.  Tesla, on the other hand, is a slush fund that Musk uses to commit securities and accounting fraud and such.
TSLA is the symbol for Tesla on the Nasdaq
He said that before he even got elected. He’s been senile for a while, chap 
Poopy di scoop scoop diddy whoop whoop di scoop di poop.
You could say his mouth night even be connected to his big brain. 
It’s probably taken from the famous book [I Have No Mouth and I Must Scream ](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/I_Have_No_Mouth,_and_I_Must_Scream). Very good book imo. If you want existential horror its got that in spades.
And made a terrorist fist bump!
Oh no the markets... I hate when people say we can't have change because... It will change things lol
Massive fraud at the highest levels of finance going unpunished (and incentivized with massive bailouts) doesnt spook the markets? Bullshit, thats what a banker would want you to think.
That doesn't matter nearly as much as you seem to think. It is collateral to secure the debt. They expect Musk to repay them in full in cash. The stock is just there as extra security. 

If they wanted to, they could value the stock at half the current value when calculating collateral. It is up to the lender. 
I see. Makes sense now, cheers. I couldn't understand the other guys reply lol. 
I mean unfortunately he’s not wrong though 
Ok wait was that Trump or Yeezy
Covfefe
/u/fscomeau is banned. So let it be written. So let it be done.
/r/me_irl no longer has reddit's biggest bamboozle
For the benefit of /r/all, "The Canadian" lied on /r/wallstreetbets about making an extremely risky trade with his last $100-200k. Per the original post, he stood to make a huge amount of money only if Apple's share price (AAPL) fell dramatically over the next month as a result of their earnings report today.

He did a live stream, during which several users noticed that the account he used to make the "trades" was in fact a demo account, meaning he lied about doing the trade with real money.

Edit: Corrected Apple's ticker symbol, it's AAPL, and not APPL
As a frenchie from Montreal i'm pretty sure i got cancer from watching that stream

I understand if you have to quarantine us, that was one hell of a concentrated dose of autism, he was basically a bioweapon
**Top 10 Anime Betrayals**
FAKE
"What a faggot" —Martin Shkreli on u/fscomeau
That idiot's stream was terrible. Even if it was just one giant troll (which it probably was) I don't feel trolled. I feel...nothing.
How can I short Justin Bieber, Tim Hortons, and Maple Syrup? 
BUILD THAT WALL.

We need to VET all Canadian traders. When Canada sends their traders they are not sending their best!!
[deleted]
Goddamn Snow Mexicans.
We're going to build a firewall and Canada is going to pay for it!
Didn't anyone ever verify any of his trades?
\>LEAF
/r/all thinks its political. For /r/all guys. This sub is more dank than /r/dankmemes.
Can I get a tl:dw summary. What'd the Canadian do?
Don't associate that cunt with Canada, at least make it just Quebec. They want to be separate anyways.
a fucking leaf
[Word cloud out of all the comments.](http://i.imgur.com/x6lTkML.png)

I hope you like it
But we are still getting maple syrup, right?
I was actually just waiting for him to kill himself, but i never get to see something legit :/
1 on /r/all. Ban them all. 
[deleted]
Tax their trades by 20%!!!
I can get behind this.
If you ban us, we can't hunt him down and put his head on a spike.
Can someone ELI5 a guy coming from /r/all what happened in what stream?
Rake war when?
Ban everything north of Minnesota and Maine that's not the U.S.... Fuck you, too, Greenland!
I didn't want his shit tier syrup anyway.
ITT: No one reading the thread, being confused and asking the same question. 
Fuck those snow Mexicans. 
It wasn't a 'fake trade' guys, stop being overly dramatic about it. The Canadian, he was just doing an *alternative trade*.
Canacucks btfo 
YOLO COURT: I MOTION TO GIVE FS COMEAU THE TRIAL HE DESERVES. *THEN* WE FIRE THE MISSILES
[deleted]
But that inverse track record...
I'm not sure what's going on here but I'm outraged. 
Jesus. That after hours jump lol
The Day of the Rake is coming
i second the notion, add maple syrup to the blacklist of words please
I don't even care about the fs thing considering I don't chimp out over some Internet stranger like a tard but I think this is good every Canadian I've ever met let me know that they were Canadian like every other second. They love to talk about themselves and tell you how they have good manners because they are Canadian and that they looove syrup so much. Discusting people I'm telling you
Rake the Leaves!
Build a firewall and make Canada pay for it!
A convincing argument. You can have my upvote. 
Day of the Rake when? 
oh good, maybe i'll be a productive member of society now.
blame it on qubec 

that shit was weaponized autisum
Wow he really is autistic
I say "Ban Canada."

Now that the new Canadian immigrants like Amy Schumer, Cher, Samuel L Jackson, and especially that whack job Norm McDonald, call that frozen wasteland home, banning that place will only speed up the inevitable "Greatening" of the US of Fuckin' A.

It's aboot time.

day of the rake is coming for the eternal leaf.
MFW stupid cucks from r/all think this post is political and downvote.
I got no idea what's going on but this thread is lit 👌
Fucking Leafs. 
if anything FSC should be made a mod god

he not only fooled you fags but the media too
You can't just start banning everyone from a certain country because of the actions of a few! oh wait..
What happened? /r/all lurker here
Fuck. That means me. 
All the while AMD beats their earnings report. 
I'm sorry on behalf of all of us. -Canadian 
Given how crazy the internet has been making me lately I, as a born and raised Canadian, support this ban.
NOW this is a meme i can get behind!
Came here to say this. Upvoted for visibility. 

Edit: Whoa! Rip inbox!

Edit2: Thanks for the gold kind stranger!
I upvoted this... and I'm Canadian. #ForTheBants
Fscomeau is a scoundrel who tried to dup this subreddit into believing he was spending 250k to buy puts  on Apple (bet against apple)
Because he thought he could make MILLIONS.   

We later found out it was all on a demo account and the money wasn't real.   The HYPE didn't match the result 

He tricked us into believing he was really going to make this majestic bet.   

No he is bannnnnneeedddd!!!  


I have absolutely no clue about the context but I can honestly say I coughed from laughing.
youre all fucking retarded
Tabernak! Québec ne fait pas partie du canada!
#MIGA #DAYoftheRAKE #LEAFSBTFO
Ban the cucks 
BUILD THE FUCKING NORTHERN WALL!
Videos in this thread:

[Watch Playlist &#9654;](http://subtletv.com/_r5rb9c7?feature=playlist&nline=1)

VIDEO|COMMENT
-|-
[Allin Apple (250k)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q9QhU3wb_aE)|[71](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/5rb9c7/_/dd5xcji?context=10#dd5xcji) - tl;dw (English isn't one of my best features, so brace yourself) :  He was wearing a wolf mask and a suit because he's the wolf of Wall Street , showed everyone his stock-trading piss bottle, looked up furry sex websites, pretended to eat a Happy Mea...
[fscomeau LOSES 250k INSTANTLY! #thefinalyolo - (Day trading gone WRONG)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4b2tl66DHvo)|[35](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/5rb9c7/_/dd5xtz2?context=10#dd5xtz2) - The autistic screeching was pretty high on the spectrum.
[Just doing my civic duty, sir.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pYL6g_Dw_4U)|[14](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/5rb9c7/_/dd5xvxj?context=10#dd5xvxj) - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pYL6g_Dw_4U
[Albany Crossfit  Strongman  The worst weightlifting video in the history of weightlifting videos](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Hjeb1YCR3M)|[2](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/5rb9c7/_/dd5ypjb?context=10#dd5ypjb) - crossfit people
["Weird Al" Yankovic - Canadian Idiot](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C_TfBbR6L0M)|[1](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/5rb9c7/_/dd5y14n?context=10#dd5y14n) - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C_TfBbR6L0M
[Coyote Fall](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_d8ROhH3_vs)|[1](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/5rb9c7/_/dd5zz18?context=10#dd5zz18) - I fuckin' love /r/wallstreetbets, it's the adult version of this.
[Autistic Discord Moment (/r/wallstreetbets)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OgZUvESyxbU)|[1](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/5rb9c7/_/dd60lqa?context=10#dd60lqa) - The autistic discord moment
[F.S. Comeau Final Yolo #yolo livestream shorting AAPL Apple](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ilpE7caEXU)|[0](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/5rb9c7/_/dd5xcuj?context=10#dd5xcuj) - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ilpE7caEXU
I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch. I'll keep this updated as long as I can.
***
[Play All](http://subtletv.com/_r5rb9c7?feature=playlist&ftrlnk=1) | [Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | Get me on [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf) / [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/mentioned-videos-for-reddit)

Hey /u/bawse1,


This is now the top post on reddit. It will be recorded at /r/topofreddit with all the other top posts.
Trump should just build the wall around Canada instead.
Fine, then. We'll go and make our own internet. With blackjack. And hookers!
Banada
Thank God I live in Quebec
Petition to unban /u/fscomeau sign below. 

How the fuck are we supposed to trade without the inverse-oracle telling us what to do? 

So what if he lied about everything and used a demo account. The important thing is THAT HE WAS STILL WRONG. let him keep being wrong so we can keep making money. 
> \#CanaBan2017

Weak.

\#Banada2017
I'm Canadian. Pls ban for this horrific tragedy.
[This is Canada right now](http://i.imgur.com/mf91jiD.jpg)
Man, you rich white niggas are cray.
Canadian here. I laughed and upvoted you, but I'm a little nervous. 
ELI5: What is this post about and what's with the commotion in the comments? (I came here from r/all)

Can someone tell me what this is all about. I mean, I'll definitely upvote to ban Canada from the internet, but I would like to know why.
Please don't get rid of our internet!  It's all I have!  I can't go back to reading books or going outside! NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Ban all those faggots
🎶Fuck Canada!🎵
FSComeau was, still is, and likely will continue to be a faggot. The real surprise in my opinion is that people believed him.
I'm a simple man.

I see Canadian hate, I upvote. 
You bet
I see no issues with this
First lordtuts, now this. I can't take the bamboozle
So suppose he was really just using a demo account to protect his real account number.... Where's he stand now? Was he right?
LMAO you guys really fell for it?
>A fucking leaf
#FIGHT ME, EH!!!

... also, can I ask what's going on? Thanks.
What happened, exactly?
I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/topofreddit] [Upvote to ban all of Canada from the internet \[r\/wallstreetbets by u\/bawse1\]](https://np.reddit.com/r/topofreddit/comments/5rbqqi/upvote_to_ban_all_of_canada_from_the_internet/)

[](#footer)*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*

[](#bot)
Wait... In all seriousness what did happen with that guy? I wanted to watch his stream but I can't because of work.
Canadian here.  If it helps,  I know a good place to bury a body on the White House lawn.
\> me be a casual

\> See this shit and immediately move to downvote

\>  But /u/bawse1 said "Pls"

***UPVOTE***
I'm kind of glad. It was my favourite kind of internet drama. Super interesting intense and no one actually had their life ruined. Still. Dedication man. 
I fuckin' love /r/wallstreetbets, it's the [adult version of this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_d8ROhH3_vs).
As a canadian, I approve this message
Quality shit post. You wish you were Canadian my friend ;) 
Needs more CanaBan Bot
[The autistic discord moment](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OgZUvESyxbU&feature=youtu.be)
[A FUCKING LEAF](http://i.imgur.com/qyGQU1m.jpg)
[DAY OF THE RAKE SOON, BROTHER](http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/001/207/032/1d3.jpg)
OK I read the article, still confused with what the discord server has to do with this and banning Canada from the internet. And could someone explain this guy's bet to me?
There's a wallstreet investment subreddit? Cool! Also, I have the same mask... gets unbearably sweaty in that thing and the eye holes suck. Now I shall check out if there's a subreddit named subbreadit... (edit: there's one called breadit! Awesome! :D )
LOL no thanks. I love my Canadian neighbors.  I enjoy playing MMORPGs with them cause they are friendly.
As a Canadian I feel obliged to upvote this. We're going down, boys.
...frickin serial apologists....grumble   :-)
Not autism, just cabin fever. Common in the Canadian winter.
here from r/all what happend?
i don't get it. why are you guys hating on canada? because of the shooting? sorry i'm relatively new to reddit. if this is trolling carry on
Don't ban him yet! I would like for him to continue betting so I can short everything he touches.
The spreadsheet he provided for his "reasoning" was literally just the profits he could make, his overall logic for his decision in his storybook fantasy post was filled to the brim with autism (take a basic discrete maths course), and he was obviously using a practice trading acc.  Y'all are gullible af.
Canada is bez murica number 150 China NUMBA 6 
Hah I can't believe this got to the front of all.. Good times in discord today
I found him useful, whether or not you think so. He was actually spot on, just inverse - multiple times.
He took a picture of a stack of cosco maple syrup saying he bought it. Everyone should have seen this coming. 
I'm too high and stupid to understand what is going on here, can anyone ELI5 please? :)
Upvoted.

Just doing my part.
As a Canadian, when I first saw this as #1 on /r/all I thought that someone had fucked up way worse than this lol
Can we get an explanation for /r/all and those who don't understand the market? 
Link to live stream video of the release of AAPL earnings: https://youtu.be/-ilpE7caEXU

Ummmm.  /r/OutoftheLoop?
I don't know why, but I'm okay with this.
From /r/all. Can someone explain what happened?

holy shit you fags attracted the normies in /r/all 
Everyone here is just as autistic as him. 

Greetings from r/all you fuckers
All fags that fell for FSCs scam should get banned 
We're about to get raided by SJWs about this
Canadian shouldn't be allowed on the Internet I live in Canada and I realize how awful it is when Canadian go on the Internet
fscomeau was one of the first names I recognised on this sub. I watched one of his first live streams on how to day-trade. I couldn't believe he was using real money with how stupid he was.

He's earned his losses. Time to own them now.
what if /u/lordtuts is canada
the great bamboozle of 2017
What was that? Link?
[deleted]
Let's not forget the fact that he was also able to get sites like yahoo finance and market watch to write articles on him. And talked to Martin Shkreli on stream. So he sorta won.
You really think someone would do that?  
Go on the internet and [tell lies](http://i.imgur.com/HrMjD4d.jpg)?
For the love of God thank you. This was the most goddamn confusing thing to see at the top of all.
Would he have made money if it was real?
AAPL?
So how exactly does he make money if the price falls? In not familiar with how all this works
[deleted]
Shit I missed it what happened is there videos anywhere? 
[The autistic screeching was pretty high on the spectrum.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4b2tl66DHvo) 


What stream? I'm lost.
Umbrella Corporation level bioweapon.  They're perfecting the A-virus right now because of that douche canoe
We'll just douse you with chemo
http://i.imgur.com/9hWYLOv.jpg
http://i.imgur.com/8Hg7eqT.jpg
#you won't believe number 7!
AND
NEWS
That's what anyone would say if they walked in on you watching that awful stream. 
I didn't catch the stream, what did he do?
*This confession has meant nothing...*
to short tim hortons short burger king, they bought them.
Ask here: /r/MemeEconomy 
there is a double short ETF $SYRP 
Bruh Tim's might have shitty coffee but people still eat it up. And Maple Syrup is a staple. 
They're sending autists, faggots, bagholders... And some, I assume, are good traders  
Sorry I can't hear you from under the shelter of my TFSA.
Snow Mexicans confirmed as fake and gay. Deport them all. 
He's Canadian, thats like a guaruntee
He can reset his paper account I believe
This is unsorryable.... I'm with /u/itradebaconfutures ...... /u/fscomeu is now banned from /r/heaven too
It's too late now to say sorry.
Juan snow
They called me a "Ice-Based Centipede"
It just got 10 bits of encryption higher! You want more?!?
The Day of the Rake is upon us.
>verify

He pinkie promised and I didn't see any crossed fingers.
You do know youre in r/wsb right?
He didn't even know when the fucking earnings were coming out.  He said "anytime from 4-4:15".  If you're trading like that and don't know they release at 4:30 then you're fucking retarded.  He was also refreshing google finance for his price, guy is a joke and a fraud.
[deleted]
Day of the rake when?
Faked passing out in a wolf mask is a good summary 
He supposedly shorted AAPL using his last $250k, but was really using a demo account.
quebecer here, we dont what that guy either
What is this? 1995?
DAY OF THE RAKE

DAY OF THE RAKE
250k syrup, lol
I'm not sure if he can afford maple syrup himself anymore....
same. I have never been so disappointed in my entire life 
I dont think that all of canada is bad, eh? 
There are what, 17 people in Canada? Just look for his name in the phone book, find him, and behead him on international news as an enemy of humanity. Then Canada can be unbanned from the Internet.
Some guy put all his money on Apple stock hoping it would crash, but the stock gained a lot of value  so he lost all his money. Turns out the bets weren't real 

He streamed it on youtube earlier wearing a wolf mask
Yeah wtf is this post? It's the top of r/all 
Same here, am confused

hate these novelty accounts
Reminds me of crossfit people and vegans.
Silly canadian bet 250k of fake money on a trade and then puked in his mask when he lost
guy was using a paper account aka not real money
No, no. We speak American here.
French Canadian with a history of large stock market bets ascends to messiah over time by commenting and posting excessively with a final act of live streaming his massive bet against Apple. Accidentally flashes his account number on the screen during live stream, martin shkreli (yes that one) calls his friends who verify it's a demo account (fake, for simulation purposes) simply based on the structure of the account number. Canadians now banned from internet.
We physically can't go outside or we'll freeze to death in seconds.
He pretended that he lost $250k on a trade but really he didn't so Canadians should be banned from the internet
/u/Fscomeau did a bamboozle.
/u/fscomeau is a canadian who bamboozled everyone here.
Some Canadian trolled the shit out of this sub. Pretended to have a lot of money with a pretend account and pretended to be betting against Apple stocks and made a pretend prediction that it would fall today. 

Troll level: 9,999
The people in this subreddit don't understand the market dude
The bamboozling thickens.
/u/lordtuts never apologized. He is definitely not Canada. 
Big if tru
Is u/lordtuts banned from r/me_irl
Really makes u think
Worse than the time I got scammed for my addy longsword and I cried for 15 minutes tbh
Some guy on /r/me_irl, inspired by a post on /r/uwaterloo, told everyone that he would tattoo ~~a comment~~ the highest post from the next day on his ass if his post got more than some amount of upvotes. He didn't go through with it.
https://www.reddit.com/r/me_irl/comments/5ihre2/me_irl/

https://www.reddit.com/r/me_irl/comments/5ioa08/me_irl/

https://www.reddit.com/r/me_irl/comments/5it0d7/me_irl/
Fukkin snitch

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Thank you I was confused why Canada as a whole was getting called out 
Well, I wouldn't call a 3% gain in AH's "skyrocketing" but it was enough to ruin his (fake ass) trade. 
[deleted]
What? Of course not! That's doesn't happen here. 
No, Apple reported record revenue numbers, and the stock is up about three percent in after hours trading today. Because the "bet" was made with options, his losses would have been limited to about $200k iirc. Apple stock would have had to fall to about $117 a share to break even (from about $121) before February 27th – to actually make money it would have had to go even lower. Apple is currently at $125, and given their strong earnings report, it's extremely unlikely the the price will get near $117 in the next month.
Good job fulfilling your civic duty fellow citizen.
The Quebecois are our best allies in containing the Canadian threat.
Terminate him!
Hey, I haven't seen you in /r/de for a long time. Not surprised to see you in /r/wallstreetbets tbh. /r/de is cancer, /r/wallstreetbets is the cure.
[deleted]
Jesus Christ. 
Gross
Man, people who gamble on earnings.. Shit fucking straight up gambling. This guy might be fake but I'm sure most of you in here have felt something like this during your trading "career". I know I have.
Tldr is canadian guy says he got 2.5 million inheritance. 

blew all but 250k on Wall Street bets and other shit.

 Says he will Yolo 250k on AAPL dropping a fuck ton. Streams today which is AAPL Q1 release day and accidentally showed his account ID which is demo account(Fake money).


 It was fake all along.
Ev-001
24 seconds to slow sorry friendo
GAY
He wore a wolf mask, played with my little pony dolls, tried to drink apple muscat sparkling wine through his mask and sang the canadian national anthem, then it got boring.
https://youtu.be/Q9QhU3wb_aE


tl;dw (English isn't one of my best features, so brace yourself) :

He was wearing a wolf mask and a suit because *he's the wolf of Wall Street* , showed everyone his stock-trading piss bottle, looked up furry sex websites, pretended to eat a Happy Meal, sang the Quebec national anthem, tried to drink wine, and finally lost almost $150,000. 
He wore some dumb ass ugly wolf mask. 

Had a bottle of fake-champagne (think: New Years Eve drink for kids).

 At one point, after the stock started to rise, he knocked his chair back and stood up with the wolf mask on and eventually just fell over. A minute or two later he got up, saw that the stock was still climbing, and knocked the camera off, effectively ending the stream. 

The whole thing was a big let down. 
So their selection doesn't consist solely of these burgers of which they are presumably king?
(They're not)
french canadians aren't real canadians
He's from Quebec, it's not the same.
[deleted]
They send furrys, bamboozlers, and liars; but some I assume are good people.
Damn that's pretty conclusive
I'm his limo driver, everything's copacetic.
He used yahoo to search for google finance. Guy's an artist. 
I almost did. Fortunately, I forgot the password for my trading account, and their customer support offices were closed for the night.
Nah, bought the inverse.  Best way to make guaranteed money
While drinking apple cider through a straw, advertising a Montreal furry convention, and howling in memory of the 6 guys shot at that mosque. 
Holy autismo glad I never bothered to watch the stream even if it was all fake
he's a bit of a twink wouldn't you say?
Surprised no one called him out on it in the initial thread. It didn't make any sense how any brokerage firm would let someone with a bad gambling habit and no credit history with only $250k in collateral short millions of dollars worth of blue chip stock. I almost tried doing what he did myself but of course my real trading account would never allow it on that scale.
[deleted]
Mods ban this man!
Take one for the team and we might do a revote.
Its canada or him, make your choice
He's got trees around him.  And a tap. I assume all America's Hatters have maple taps with them. 
I MEAN NOT EH I MEAN YES VERY MUCH CANADA NEEDS TO BE BANNED FROM THE INTERNET I AM MOST CERTAINLY NOT A CANADIAN HAHAHA I AM FROM NEW YORK CITY I EAT LARGE HAMBURGERS 
K but we dont call them phone books, we call it the "emergency syrup supplier list"
11 people now 
The stream was awkward too. He howled for the Canadians who lost their lives and plugged his furry convention. We need to put a ban on all furries
Got a link to the video? or a vod or something of him being found out?

edit: Also im a noob, can you explain how he lost money if the stock went up? Surely if he bought stock and it went up he now has more money? or am I not understanding what he was doing? 
Canada must pay.
Yeah more than 10000 upvotes in less than one hour, only times i see stuff like this is with breaking news, usually of a mass shooting or something.
[deleted]
Stocks are fake.
You're a novelty Derek 
And Engineers 
> crossfit people  

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Hjeb1YCR3M

you have good manners and say sorry after every sentence? thats not likeable that just means your a human floormat. and who tf doesnt like maple syrup?  no wonder they have justin trudeau
I still think he had some real money riding on the call, just not $250k worth.
Quebekois are not apart of Canada apparently 
If da polar bears don't get us first!

Was he the one who said he sunk a ton of money into stocks and said he'd stream it?
[deleted]
Sorry.

Canadian. 
fscomeau was canadian too tho. checkmate
Huge if accurate 
Yes
He said he would tattoo the highest post of the next day on his ass if that post got some amount of upvotes. Then his... wife? girlfriend? posted a picture of her face the next day and said "please upvote this so he has to tattoo my face on his ass." Then he never did it.

It was the dreaded double-bamboozle.
You're forgetting the part where the guy from /r/uwaterloo actually did it
Apple stock
The lights are on... Someone *has* to be home.
What does this bot do?
I masturbate to pictures of Martin Shkreli and his net worth in my free time. So yes.
There was a time when everyone hated him but now he's just another troll.
Good work citizen. 
[removed]
Only a Canadian would even know what that is or how to spell it!

Bag him!
*Québecois
Eh?
I'm here from /r/all

what the hell is going on? 
Damn missed the furry stuff 
Thanks, reddit really needs to learn that 99/100 times you will get bamboozled.
Great summary.  Also, what an idiot!
What a fuck.
Sorry from r/all - So his account was not 'real' - no actual money at stake?
> showed his account I'd which is demo.

did you have a stroke?
How do we know it was fake? if so eternal ban
Me_irl
YOU ARE FAKE NEWS 
[deleted]
Whoa there... That was the Québec anthem. Leave the rest of the non-Québecois out of this.
first time poster to this sub

thats pretty much exactly how i imagined you guys

dont know why youre all so surprised
Then threw up at the end fucking LOL
That sounds awesome
Really? Or does this add to the bamboozle
was a fake trading account confirmed
So the bet was real?  Looks like Apple beat earnings projections.  Hilarious.  1% chance eh?
[deleted]
LMAO wolf of wall street

What was it supposed to be?
[deleted]
RIP Peter Gregory 
Keanuwhoa.jpg
(I'm just tryna be PC for the snowflakes) 
Canadians arnt even real.
His dog died and left him 250K!
You should get that checked out. 
I'm his coke dealer. But don't ever front u/fuzzydunlots. Cash and carry only for that vacuum cleaner nozzle.
Lmaoooo amazing.
You misspelled autist
And yahoo used bing to aggregate his results. 
Jerry, did you just search Altavista and type take me to Yahoo Mail? 
You should buy your shitty memory a beer
/r/all doesn't know about inverse FSComeau
Playing with my little ponies, happy meal and troll toys.  His sister is an exotic dancer.
oh, there's a furry convention in montreal? good thing they have fursuits, its gonna be cold.
here's a part of it: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ilpE7caEXU
Everyone called him out on it
I thought he did a vertical spread so that his losses were capped?
He didn't short it? He sold 120 calls, bought a massive range of puts, and capped his loses by buying calls at 128.  His maximum loss was around 250K. Not that it really matters. 
Tabarnak
(don't do that, they'll make us take beiber)
oh yeah? what's the second verse to the National Anthem?
Jesus Christ
>  He howled for the Canadians

this is the gayest thing i've ever read and im a mod of /r/wolves, so thats hard to top 
>ban on all furries

Now this is a movement I can get behind 
No no no dont ban all the furries. You ban us we all have to go huddle together in where ever the hell the ban puts us. And then we're stuck with the idiots too. We dont want this guy, just as much as you don't!
Don't put a ban on all of us, just put a ban on the autistic ones. If you hear them spouting shit about it all day long in public then shame on them. Keep the minority of the group out of this, I just do my thing in peace and don't bother people about it.

But seriously what the fuck is this whole thing even.
It's kinda like a live train crash. So I can see the appeal. 
> on the call

He had puts m8. Fake puts.
Yeah, turns out he used a stock market demo, so it's all fake.
This is a kangaroo court
Jesus Christ you post on /r/teenagers, back over the wall you go.
So tell us, are you canada?
Wasn't the most-upvoted post of the next day actually the entire Bee Movie script stylized as Robbie Rotten?
Wasn't sure how to fit that part in.

Also, as a UWaterloo student: death to bamboozling imposters! 
Skyrocketing 
nice try, martin.
> not masturbating to Martin Shkreli at work

fukkin pleb
Yes i too am American citizen, so i support the canada ban. What do you say fellow americans, let's go take their oil eh?
[deleted]
This is true
He didn't spell if correctly though, its Québécois.
How do you know he spellt it wrong? Hmmmmm?
This sounded like a skit right out of The Simpson's. 
Can't we just drone this guy?
Sorry
This guy too.
Dude said he was betting all his money on Apple tanking after earnings and live streamed it. Turns out he is fake and gay.
A notorious long term poster famous for making bad trades said he was yoloing his last 300k to short APPL and was livestreaming it

Turns out he's a faker
yeah but that one time though you have to call the police because it looks like legitimate suicide
We got to see the inside of the safe eventually, too bad it was full of cobwebs and disappointment.
Le Bamboozle army was here again 
Him or everyone else he had strung along?    
Ya it was a demo account where you learn to trade stocks rather than a real account. 


All fake money
GAY
What did we expect from the quebexicans? 
Found another one...MODS
Huh? We have a Québec anthem now? 

Tabarnack, quelqu'un aurait pu me le dire!!!
> He wore a wolf mask, played with my little pony dolls, tried to drink apple muscat sparkling wine through his mask and sang the canadian national anthem, then it got boring.

This is my one and only data point for this sub. This is how I picture everyone here.
No, that's truly what he was doing. It was pretty obvious he was trolling as soon as I started watching, but he was pretty entertaining for about 30 minutes.
Aaaaand I'm sad.

(Not that I was expecting more after seeing that livestream) 
But has been pointed out he used a demo account that mirrored his real account in the event that the account info got shown on screen which evidently did happen. That looked like a guy losing $150k to me. And honestly he is what I envision most redditors to be. Some weird fuck in his moms basement. 
ELI5 fake account. Was there no transfer of money at all?
Yeah but it was confirmed fake since he did it all on a demo account.
HELLO EVERYONE WELCOME TO THE STREAM
Live suicide I think 
So if you die in Canada, do you die in real life?
I got these cheeseburgers man. 
That'll make it better!
He also used yahoo to search for google finance. 
Yeah but then AAPL did a horizontal spread

to his buttcheeks
What Do U Mean, Sorry and Cold Water are all bangers never disrespect my mans Bugatti Biebz again 
beiber's already your ya bunch of square heads

Guns and Burgers Clap Clap Clap
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
We have to stop using the word autistic. This guy was a fucking nut bar trying to be a special little snowflake like his mom told him he is.
*Earnings call*. Oh, you're taking the piss. Never mind.
Oh what a dick
Can we get a court order to get my dick sucked in here?
Am in South Africa, it's Kudu Court mate.
🕎
In response to pings, yes
I am
I don't know but that sounds about right.
Yes. Fucking classic.
Reported
MODS!!! MOOSE JOCKEY SPOTTED
/r/totallynotcanadians
Are you telling me to short oil?
Can I get access to that sub for a day I'm just interested in what it's like? 

I'm imagining posts about wearing a new pair of socks every day
Both of u guys know it's correct spelling, therefore you are Canadian as well 
Canadian here. Can verify. Oops! Sorry!
Canadians: So helpful they will even help you identify themselves for bannination.
I never said anything about wrong...

But *you* did..... ಠ_ಠ
Mods, I have found a canadian. Ban him.
You really think someone would do that? Just go on the Internet and tell lies?
What does that have to do with canada?

Edit: I read further down and I now understand what it has to do with canada.

I still don't understand this sub at all though. If anything I just have more questions.
why do most people in this sub speak like shitheads?
so what's up with the thread title? 
Imagine that.
I'm outoftheloop on this one
No, that's a cumbox
BUT
Another vote to leave the country.
About time for Quebexit
The wall to Labrador just got 10 ft taller
Construire le mur!
Ben on a toujours eu Gens du Pays
Aren't you a redditor too?
no transactions whatsoever 
Only reason I tuned in.
Canada isnt real either
Fuck off Randy, cheeseburger eatin muhhfukkah
Lol ...Tell me you didn't make that up. That some 3d chess levels of trolling.
son of a bitch...
Well, his story checks out.
Oh now you'd like that wouldn't you!?!?
I'll do it for tree fiddy
Why do you have flair?
*under breath*

Holy shit
Apple reported stock skyrocketing.
Largest quarter ever
SEC here, nobody move!
I'm all on board with FUCK THE BRUINS but we can't be letting these Crazy Habs in either!!!
Only a Canadian would turn in other Canadians in order to avoid being accused of being Canadian himself! 
Guilty
I'm not even a frenchie, we're all big phonies.
Here's an extra pitchfork I brought to this thread. ---------€

Gut 'em
Not on this sub. It's code among autists to be truthful with each other.
1. Do you love 3x leveraged ETFs?  
2. Do you love making wild bets on pharma clinical trials?  
3. Do you love cock?

Yes to any two of those and you might be a WSBer.
My guess is they're shitheads...
he's from Canada and an embarrassment. Turns out his account balance was fake. Martin Shkreli even livestreamed himself calling the Canadian's brokerage firm about the account number seen on the Canadian's stream.

Fake, demo account. Fake money. Horrible call. It was picked up by the news about his epic gamble of a trade. But no money. Just strangeness.
The poser poster is a cuck Canuck
if it's a legitimate cumbox the body has a way of shutting down the suicide
FAKE
Quebexit?
That one actually works!
Gend du Pays a été disqualifiée du poste d'hymne "national" quand toute les mononcle et matante on commencé à la chanter à la fête des gens.
How Can Canadians Be Real if Our Yolos Aren't Real
What a mad lad 
I have found a new home in this sub.
But I'm Canadian.....
Fukkin snitch

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
And Apple reported their largest quarter ever, sending the stock skyrocketing.


Autist Rule #1 - Be truthful

Autist Rule #2 - REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
>autistic codes

>it's an older code

>but it's an older code
This is my new favorite sub. If I spelled it like "favourite" would I be banned?
I have no idea what 1 and 2 mean but I REALLY love cock. Does that count?
>Do you love 3x leveraged ETFs?  

Is that a new drug? Cause I'm in 
Cuck, cuck, Canuck sounds like a really hilarious version of duck, duck, goose. 
I saw a meme once. 
AND 
I'm buying maple syrup stocks just in case
Lol what is this 1995
Oh wow I just got why they call it Brexit
Yes
JUST GOTTA GET YOU A ROBINHOOD ACCOUNT AND THROW ALL YOUR MONEY IN JNUG
Apple reported
Stock reported
stock skyrocketing
Fukkin snitch

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
its the Rule #2 that really brings this subreddit together.
I still don't understand what's happening. What is this place? Where am I right now?
Canadian !!!!
No. You need 2. Get out of here normie.
If you get a leverage that lasts for more than 4 hours, contact a hooker immediately.
[deleted]
Your mom was reported for being deported.
Aha!

Edit: I still don't understand this.
That's why I am a goddamn multi gizzilionare. I am honest on yhe internet.
A place for incredibly risky investments. The topic of discussion is a guy who got 2.5m in inheritance, lost 2.2m and lost the last .3m today by shorting apple. Allegedly. 
BACON 
Welcome to Wallstreetbets, easily the best trading community on the internet. Where both nightmares of cardboard boxes and dreams of riches come true. Sometimes sequentially to the same people.

We've got what we cannot legally call [investment advice](https://new.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&restrict_sr=on&q=flair%3ADD), fresh market-related shitposts and discussion, and [YOLO trades](https://new.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/search?sort=new&restrict_sr=on&q=flair%3AYOLO).

 
Dude can you imagine being her and finding out a special portion of the internet reveres her as a god 
I actually thought her name was Su Bae until now 
Now THAT is a female CEO. 
I’m a fan - she was interviewed by Martin Brundle on the [2018 Shanghai GP grid](https://youtu.be/GcE-20XauqM). He had absolutely no clue who he was! She handled the situation so gracefully.
Hello r/all we have only the best investment advice here.
Goddamn that haircut. Gotta change my pants now
Upvoted. Not risking it
Lisa Su is Satoshi Nakamoto.
Goddess. 
Time to put my right hand to good use with this photo. 
I somehow manage to miss every big jump and takes, and it still prints money for me. I 💓 Sure Bae
[deleted]
Why is my girl Lisa not in the top banner?
What a handsome bae. 
You are now standing in front of Queen Lisa of House Su. First of her name, the Ryzen, breaker of Intel, lord of the threadripper and the 7 nm architecture, mother of Vega. 
Like, I'm up 5k just today in AMD thanks to Su.  Oh Su I love you.
Bless Mama Su
We need a porno with Mama Su and Elongated Musk! 
This image makes it seem like there's a possibility that we *won't* upvote SuBae. 

How silly. We'll *always* upvote SuBae. 
Could you imagine if she stumbled upon this post?
Su bae, please make the stock move 8% tomorrow. In either direction. Maybe try smoking pot on a podcast? Also, I'm still waiting on you to text me back. -T.P.
Upvoted , although I already sold enough to cover my initial investment so it's just free money at this point 
Upvote. Not taking any chances
This is the "before" pic like the bezos and musk classics
I bought 2 shares at $13.11. Should have bought more :(
Mark this shit NSFW my boss just walked by and just busted all over me.
Sup Ma Sun  
Sup Ma Ma  
Son the hedge  
Ow the hedge
I'm VERY new to stocks and investing. I got on the robinhood app almost three months ago, and since I  almost live paycheck to paycheck, I've only invested 1,200 so far. My portfolio now sits at 1,300 (WOOT WOOT!)

A large portion of those gains, probably around $50, was from my AMD investment. when it was around $19 I saw, here on reddit, that AMD was getting back into CPU's. and I thought "Hey, that's pretty neat, I had an awesome AMD computer before they got out of the game, I'll get some stock in them." 

I cashed out today at $30 per share. Am I retiring? Am I rich beyond my wildest dreams? No, what I am is plus $100 with no real experience! 
Take my upvote dick
You really gonna scroll by without saying howdy?
Notice me senpai (｡´・ω・｀｡)

Maybe I should send her some emails.
That's DOCTOR AMD CEO Lisa Su
SU BAE
Im a simple man. I see pictures of su bae, I have to change my underwear 
Shit I forgot to upvote this and now my portfolio is red as fuck
Damnit. I knew I should’ve just upvoted. 
Lol what gains
Thank you for the tendies baby mama. 
I’m a little r/outoftheloop can someone please help me out 
REE $300 GAINS ON LONG CALLS FOR TENDIES
Listening to you idiots was the best and worst thing I've ever done
r/bodybuilding 
I was scrolling through r/all and I thought that somehow a post from r/AyyMD made it up there. Oh boy was I wrong.
She was my boss.. for real
I googled this person after I found this on the front page of /r/all

all I gotta say is that I'm really, really, really glad she got rid of that Lord Farquad haircut. She actually looks much more feminine with short hair.
i fucking love this subreddit
Mama-say, mama-Su, ma-ma-ko-ssa. 
HOMIE WHAT THE FUCK I MADE THAT SHIT FUCK YOU. THIS IS MY FUCKING MEME

https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/5gv5p1/wallstreetbets_irl
Damn she handsome
I think she's thinking of us
Sleep tight mama sue
Long live the Queen.
This Su is like a rare pepe😳
I don’t know who this is but I randomly clicked on this post and upvoted because the meme told me to
Mama Su if you're out there please don't let me down tomorrow. I've got my left kidney betting on you.
 

## Dr. Dr.Lisa Su
Holy shit dude. I bought at $2.85. Sold em all at 28.53. 1000% just feels good ya know. Probably should’ve held though. Good luck all of you!
She looks so much like my gf ಠᴗಠ
Okay I’m not superstitious but I am a little stitious because I was down .5% before I upvoted and when I woke up my portfolio was up 3.4% overnight. Thank you Mama Su 🙏🏼 
Mama Su, please continue to bless my 9/28 29.50 calls. The tendies have been plentiful, and I hope they continue.
God I'm riding this so hard. I love it.
Lmao, I read the subreddit as r/wholesomememes
GOOD MORNING
thank mama su
That hairstyle though OwO
You've been hit by- *clap clap*
You've been struck by, a Su CEO. 
WHO DIDNT UPVOTE?! YOU'RE DEAD
I upvoted in the morning and the stock went down today, thanks op
Wtf were dwn 5%
someone hold me, I just bought and I feel like now is when itll correct itself :c
Based on the amount of people who have upvoted this, there are a lot of autists in danger: I’m one of them 
Wow you autists really are superstitious 
Sell AMD
So if I down vote I will loose my loses?
I love this sub! Good night fairy tendie mother!
Cant loose these gains man 💪💪
Ronnie Coleman would be jealous of these gains 
Misspelled gainz
I just recently came to this sub and am a lurker and understand nothing 
Ha jokes on you I don't have any gains
fuck this i'm -0.50% yoy
Jokes on you, I have no gains
We need to make a shrine for her
Why do their products fail so easily and have so freaking many compatibility issues? I've refused to buy them every chance I get
Weren't you guys shorting AMD 9 months ago and calling it a trash stock?
Is it still a good idea to invest?
AyyMD
My only gains is fat, yes please.
I don't even have any skin in this and still upvoted.
Shit I better upvote, don’t wanna lose these sweet gainz 
Does upvoting this help if I'm holding Sep 21 $90 MU calls?
Sup, ma ma
#E
This man has her shit together 
No I'm not upset I sold AMD at 20 and kept MU

Nope, nope not at all.
Much love Su 😘
Ayymd is leaking
Is this gin yang mother? 
good
MAH GAAAINZZZZAAAH!!
Just bought an AMD GPU, gains expected
Jokes on you, i dont have no gains
Love you Su ♥️
Upvoted without reading the bottom line
🔴🔵🔴
She looks like lord markiplier in the E! memes
[deleted]
Here’s to hoping they have the same stock market outcome as nVidia 
They could be asus if they learn to dress well
#THANK YOU BASED SU
Usually posts like this are a solid put signal... what do I do
Upvoted mama :3
She cute ( ͡ᵔ ͜ʖ ͡ᵔ)
Just put in another $1k let's go su bae!!
Why are you doing this to me
Amd whyyyy
But I upvoted last night. Mama Su, why??
Upvoted. Can't break this run Bae!
Is that a dude
E
I will have a Xi Jinping to go with a side of the Shusho Abe.  
Upvoted. I better see some fucking gains tomorrow because my tech heavy portfolio has been shit lately.

*It worked!
Love her and AMD and all, but this photo makes her look like Lord Farquaad from Shrek with glasses
Why is a photo of lord Farquad on popular?
Excuse me for my utter ignorance, but why is this woman so highly appreciated among the sub?
Hi, I'm here from /r/all. 

Can anyone ELI5 for this?
There's no way that's not a man. 
She ate my gains.
Is her pussy tight as a vacuum or loose as my horrible shit in the morning
Is this a man or a woman I am confused!!
is that female asian lord farquad
Smash that MF upvote!
[deleted]
who is uh she? he? 
Seeing this makes me want to uninvest. What kind of smile is that?
[removed]
Why does she remind me of the evil woman from Mr robot?
No one else recognizes Whiterose?
I was banned from wsb discord for loving su bae.
Can't lose gains if you never had any :D
I'm so confused, I'm going to jacket anyway though ;-)
Remember about a year and a half ago when the rumor about them getting the Tesla contract went around? I thought I'd be a very rich man.
She should quit while she's ahead, lord knows what would happen on WSB if there was a 10% dip
Asian Pat 
Apple is despite.
jokes on u, the only gains i have is fat ;)
Gook
How does shit like this get so many upvotes? Ugh. 
Uhh Lisa, how much did you see...
already lost em
[removed]
You know anyone holding AMD liked this meme. Swear to God bruh'
E
What are gains?
Yeah because morons like AMD because of feels, and don't like a company with good financials like Micron because of feels. Call me when AMD actually makes a sustainable margin for semiconductor company, because they don't. 
[removed]
im from all, what is this?
Oh so that's why amd is doing so bad.
100 percent shes a chinese spy
That’s a tranny right?
Change gains to games 
Dick just shriveled up.  Thanks a lot.
Nobody considering AMD puts?  I'll buy some calls at open, but I'm nervous, waiting for a pullback any day.
Hope you sold.  See you at 29 tomorrow with the put.   
Finally clicked a thread on this woman to find out who she is. She's attractive enough for a middle-aged woman, but wearing men's clothing doesn't help any woman's appearance.
> special
AMD stock is triple what it was at the start of the year, it's not just WSB that loves Su Bae. 
I'm sure she knows. Pretty sure she's on here and her username is like A.M.Deeznuts or something.
/u/AMD_LisaSu
Shes acknowledged it vaguely before, referring to the large following online
She's bigger than most people in the industry for me, self made while being a woman is massive, more so in Asia.
Probably less weird than being worshipped by gamers
[deleted]
Is she on Reddit?
I'm sure she reads Reddit. A few folks at AMD read the AMD sub.
Joe rogan needs to have her on next 
It's interesting.  Thanks
r/amd does too. And for good reason, she really has whipped the company into shape.
>finding out

Do you think she hasn't found out why her company has went straight vertical for months. Autism money, and the paper trail leads right to the r/wallstreetbets doormat.

&#x200B;
Nreds gonna nerd bruh.
This is real???
Ah the same place that worshipped Ellen Pao
She has many names
That's alright I was talking to someone at work and forgot Warren Buffets real first name because all I could think of was Papa Buffet.

I was literally in the middle of a sentence when I realized.  I was thinking "papa doesn't sound right.. fuck what's his real name?  Jimmy?  Out of time, 'Mr. Buffet' it is..."
Lisa Supreme  
  
/r/ayymd
I thought Su Bae was a dude for the longest goddamn time, never knew her name was Lisa
Lmfao me too!!
I find it really ironic that people haven't covered her from that angle at all. She's a self-made Asian woman who has absolutely lead her company to success and prosperity. You could tell a lot of stories about that.
One of the first researchers on SOI platforms at MIT an "unproven technology", basically everything is SOI now then was senior level a year after her PhD at IBM?


Man, the fucking 90s were great, now you have to know how to train a computer to learn just to get entry level positions at startups.
That's a dude in a wig. 
Woah, I didnt know r/f1 users frequent this cesspool of losses. Nice to see you paulricard! 
oh god that was hilarious
That awkward moment when she has better access than he does.
damn she’s actually cool af
[deleted]
I mean, the memes got me to buy hundreds of AMD shares when it was at 12, so apparently you guys only claim to be full of shit 
At first I thought this was from /r/AyyMD or /r/pcmasterrace as some sort of jab at RTX cards and Nvidia lol
yep, you guys definitely didnt shit on this stock a couple months ago ._.
Our advice is too strong for you traveller
Now I want to know is it cum or you just shit your pants.
Someone's been taking tips from [Lord Farquaad](https://i.imgur.com/8aK0oDP.jpg)
Her hair is my ultimate weakness 
You're supposed to do the opposite of wsb!!!  
Smart man
U swear?
NANI?
spoken like a cuck
11/10
r/nsfw
Call me rysen

dick rysen 
F to your dick
Is it too late for me to hop on?
I had to do a project for a class in college, but I couldn’t pick stocks that were below $5. I so badly wanted to pick AMD. 

Decided to buy anyway cuz I had a good feeling.
Are u retired?
i go north.
[deleted]
Keep that dildo away from my Bae!
Ew tbh
now this is a porno that i would watch
That's a slow way to make money.
Did you cum... or shit?
it's su bae
Look up $AMD and check the chart. This beautiful human being is responsible for that.
She pays for our tendies
Tell your broker to buy you AMD $200 calls, there you go
Better than most of this sub
AMD is a company, this is their CEO, under her reign the stock price has grown at a ridiculous rate (like seriously check where they were at the start of the year and then put some money in) . It started as a meme stock but once we laid eyes on Lisa Su we couldn't help but buy in to that hot piece of ass.
Shes the CEO of AMD. She took the company and turned it into a tendie printing machine for our stocks. She took it from sub $12 to $30 in less than 6 months. Shes made a lot of people in this sub a good chunk of change and they revere her as a god. Now go back to your hole in r/all
Let's see a picture of you then
Would like to give you 1,000,000 up votes.
I'm about 100% sure you're poor.
She is a capitalist goddess and you compare her to Mao??
Take it back
Ban
youshutyourwhoremouth.gif
Without the hair maybe... Maybe..
Su bae
Nobody tell him
U gay bro? 
Doubled down on GAINZ
We have a special bus...
Some of the big boys are definitely stepping up. Just the question how far they’ll pump it and if they’ll let it explode 
But does anyone else post disturbing erotic fiction about her? 
Canopy is up 600% fuck amd
My dad talked me and a friend into getting some. I didn't get any until it was already going up by my buddy got his years ago at 2 bucks a share. He's so giddy that he's at over 1000% gain... I'm a little jealous
She should do an AMA in here and get everyone investigated for insider training
If it's not, somebody needs to reach out and help her set up a Reddit account with such a name 
> I'm sure she knows. Pretty sure she's on here and her username is like ***A.M.Deeznuts*** or something. 

I laughed so hard at this post that I just made this my new account name!
Oh shit, that looks real.  Think she is going to sign back in and see us worshipping us and then sign out to never touch reddit again?
I'm pretty sure the IR and PR people both said "Aaah HELL NO." to an AMA on r/wallstreetbets. 
Can you catch me up on why people love her?
Everyone loves the underdog
Yep. Awesome woman. I cannot imagine how    Capable she must be to break through the glass ceiling- in a hardware company no less. 
Am woman, in tech and it’s hard. Don’t get me started on how petty folks can be when it comes to their livelihood... they will use any perceived stereotype to the max. 
You rock Lisa
There’s honestly no way she doesn’t know; she’s probably as creeped out as she is amused/flattered.
Yes, this thread has already mentioned the name used in the AMD AMA. So someone tending their the corp reddit account knows about this. Which would be cool until Mama Su realizes that its like a 1000+ people who have stalker stock shrines made around AMD calls and an oddly stained picture of her. 
Oh god no.
r/fakeandgaybeetlejuicing
Boo

Poser
Lisa Su Bae, Princess of Tendies
Su many names. 
fuck is with this retarded vote manipulation bullshit jesus fucking christ what are you smoking LMAO 
Her Majesty Su 
Also a brilliant scientist! Definitely smarter than any of us fucktards by a few orders of magnitude.
Intel can also trace their efforts to UC Berkeley's Engineering Dean, Tsu-Jae King Liu, who helped author the first finFET paper which played a significant role in enabling Moore's Law.
>She's a self-made...

I think that's the problem.
Listening to the Freakonomics podcast recently I learnt a lot about Indra Nooyi, but now I'm wondering why they didn't interview Su at all.
https://www.fastcompany.com/90229663/how-amds-ceo-lisa-su-managed-to-turn-the-tech-company-around

I knew dick about her. I now want to post this in the women's/feminist subreddits. 

Feel free to do it instead.
Not blonde and good looking enough
It's weird that being Asian in the US is considered a disadvantage. 

In other parts of the world it's considered almost an advantage for expected success at least as culturally they are often raised with high levels of expectation.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Luckily training a computer to learn can be done in like, short python scripts so...
It isn't that hard to become senior level if you have a PhD and expertise in the field that a company works in.

Becoming senior in a few years is still pretty attainable in tech even without a graduate degree.

Don't worry, we've moved on to the next bubble.
Nice to see you Felipe baby
Hahaha to be fair i came from r/all

PS: Felipe baby stay cool!
We are a bunch of retards. 
Came.here from /r/all. Can confirm that I think you're a bunch of retards. 

That said...did she seriously triple AMD stock value since May? Fuck, that's impressive. Where do I sign up for this cult?
No worries, seems like standard stuff for a subreddit. Carry on.
I don't get the posts you guys make but they always seem funny and good humored so I don't mind when you guys pop up on my feed :)
Such quirksters amirite XD
I just want to know why you love her. What makes mama su, mama su?
There’s MU ... for every AMD
TBH, it could have easily sunk back to $2 like in 2014. Luckily Intel Fucked up their chips and and took advantage. If Intel actually gave a shit, they could have easly outdone threadripper and rysen.
Yes
burped, farted, came, tripped, fell over, then shat myself

if you must know
Both
I'm a girl, but thanks lol 
#LISA SU IS SATOSHI NAKAMOTO.
I have no idea what you're trying to say.
Quite literally.
NSFW this post please. I can't look at porn at work
First name N


Nvida Loca
Mr mojo rysen
Killing me
God I was going limp for a second but I got a 2nd life of energy God it won't stop. 
never, all in $40 faggies
Heh most of my AMD's are in etrade, but here ya go. https://imgur.com/a/V0BKNMI
I'm too safe for this sub , I should be banned 
I bought in when AMD was under $3 a share. I wouldn't say 1000% over two years is slow ;)
Yes
Damn! Didn’t see that originally, if only they made chips that good
I don’t have enough good boy points tho :(
Duh, he posts on wsb.
Lmao what?
Im about 100% sure I earn more in a week than you do in a month. 
[deleted]
He gay fo sho.
No.  Actually saw her pic and rubbed one out.

One big ass short bus
It only works going downhill. 
Jesus, could you imagine a bus full of us? It would be soooooo fucking bad
All over her face
AMD has been around for decades and is a household name in tech. 

Canopy is brand new. 
Haha AMD just released the 2990wx. The most powerful consumer cpu on the market. They are killing it right now. Intel’s majority market share is dwindling
Of course you’re here...
Too late, I already snagged it before I read your post, sorry, my mistake...
She seemed cool with [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/Amd/comments/5x4hxu/we_are_amd_creators_of_athlon_radeon_and_other/def70jy).  What's another sub worshipping her gonna do?
It could be the 700% profit the last 2 years
She's in this thread. 
r/subsIfellfor
Lisa Su Bae of house AMD, First of her name, Princess of Tendies, Wallstreet and the first man children. Queen of r/wallstreetbets, Khaleesi of the Great Green Candle Sea, Protector of the realm, Breaker of gains and Mother of Ryzen. 
\*Queen
The first of her name, lady protector of the gains
Lisa of Raven Ridge - Zen Master and Queen Of Vega
Looks like she is no stranger to tendies.
This must be up voted more

Her Majesty Su Buffet? I don't think so...
I too have learned to accept my hopeless stupidity. 
The magnitude of this understatement can not be overstated
I'm sure my magnitudes beat yours!

I like to point out that being smart is not exactly the issue, good time management and work ethic is more important. There are many brilliant redditors wasting their time in dumb subreddits. 
Looks like smart woman rise to the top even without an quota.

&#x200B;

Hm....
And Asian. That doesn't fit the narrative either. 
They'd hate a successful woman, a woman that doesn't need to play the victim or show the 'repressed' card. Third wave feminists love victims and crybabies.

Don't mix Lisa with those stupid cunts. Lisa is a real woman, a powerful smart human being, a role model.
I'm banned from many of them and don't feel up to the stress of any arguments that might come up from them combing through my history.
It’s really hard to stand out as an Asian in the Bay Area
Being Asian, more is expected from you.
Is this just ironic word salad or are you actually trying to make a point there? 
Are you always like this or did you have a bad day?
People at my current company who graduated with the same degree 25 years ago were senior directors of teams within a couple years.  DOTCOM bubble was a wild ride.  I hope we get an AI bubble.
we'll all have six figure machine learning jobs soon then, just think of all the bets we could make
~~Retards~~ Autists
Sounds like my people, 

I'm a complete simpleton who wants to put a thousand dollars in the market. What do I do? 
There's an app called Robinhood that we're all fond of.
r/AyyMD
Yeah and before that it had another run from 2 to 15, went down to 9 and now it's at 32. Epic. 
  
  
Or should I say, EPYC
[mama](https://i.redd.it/z4w57m16eti11.jpg) [sue](https://i.redd.it/3rhfxp6jlul11.jpg) [is](https://old.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/9fdl1h/amd_1000_gain_paid_275_and_forgot_about_it/) [the](https://old.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/9fcgjh/how_many_threadrippers_is_this/) [one](https://i.imgur.com/1wR0b8a.jpg) [true](https://old.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/9f9sqf/amd_starter_pack/) [god](https://old.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/9fdube/forgot_i_had_a_long_amd_in_my_other_account/)
Yeah, Intel totally doesn't give a shit.  Thank you for these words of wisdom.
Intel has had problems with their 10nm process and hasn't been able to go produce with it while AMD is about to launch their first 7nm line of CPUs. It's not that they can't do shit, it's that lack of competition made them stale 
*Oui.
r/inclusiveor
\*shidded
Username checks out. LOL
Good bot.
He's talking about your username.
This is r/thanosdidnothingwrong all over again with people begging for Bans
They do. You really must have been sleeping beneath a rock. It's a new age now.

Edit: I'm not sure what you meant. Sorry. AMD do design the chips but they are manufactured by someone else. 
AMD's chips are better quality, faster, and more cost effective than Intel now hence the massive run in the stock price
We call "good boy points" money around here. GTFO fucking casual.
First of all how dare you
You will be cursed for many lifetimes to never get gains. Be careful.
[deleted]
GET THE FUCK OUT OF OUR SUB YOU PIECE OF SHIT REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Attaboy
People here think riding the bus means getting on top of it. 
Big if true!
Half the people have puts on it getting anywhere, and there will be a few of them with the means to make sure the bus doesn't get there. Yaaaa, screw that bus ride I'll take an Uber. 
We would miss our stop and then never leave the bus because if you don't get off the bus you can't lose.
Don't disrespect the Su, you disgusting worm. 
Hey now I love canopy too but there’s more than one way to bread a tendie 
[deleted]
Intel still seems to have the prebuilt market in their pocket but DIY pc builders are leaning Ryzen.  What AMD has done over the last 1.5 years releasing a consumer processor that is so ridiculously efficient at hyper threading with a higher core/thread counts than anything Intel offers is kind of insane.  And they're doing this while undercutting Intel on price significantly. Then they release the Ryzen APU's which give graphics processing power to a CPU that is comparable to lower grade stand alone GPU's is absolutely insane.  They did this during the cryto mining boom which inflated the prices of graphics cards which pushed more people to building using a Ryzen. Now they're in the works of releasing the worlds first 7nm CPU by years end.  I'm getting a micro chub just talking about AMD.  I'm going to get a giant picture of Su-Bae and hang it above my bed.  

&#x200B;

TLDR: Su-Bae is not the hero we deserve, but the one our shitty portfolios need.
The thread rippers are more for showmanship. No one is going to need 32 cores. Intel still has the upper edge in high-end practical cpus and control vast majority of the market.
Not saying amd won't grow, but it's only going to grow up to however much Intel wants them to. 
https://www.reddit.com/r/amd/comments/5x4hxu/_/def57j3?context=1000
AMD, the chipmaker, has had 700% profits for the last 2 years?!?!?!?!?
She’s reading this post, right now
she's got the birth right also, her uncle is the co-founder/ceo of NVIDA
Queen of /r/wallstreetbets AND /r/AyyMD.
Breaker of gains tho??
No no breaker of gains 
Who's narrative doesn't include women when they're Asian?

It sounds like you have a narrative, more than anything else.
[deleted]
give me your money
MU calls
Free options trading? Ooo, I'm in danger!
Woah woah woah.... wait. What? What accounts for that sudden increase?
Monsieur!
Oui bitches ... Oui ... 
Are you sure about that? Because I am 95.29866% sure that AreYouDeaf is not a bot.

---

^(I am a neural network being trained to detect spammers | Summon me with !isbot <username> |) ^(/r/spambotdetector |) [^(Optout)](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=whynotcollegeboard&subject=!optout&message=!optout) ^(|) [^(Original Github)](https://github.com/SM-Wistful/BotDetection-Algorithm)
You'd think with how autistic we are somebody would have noticed that detail sooner.
I missed the snap by a day ..... 
Back when I used to think eight cores would be better
I would still get the 8700k over an AMD chip. If that was outside of my budget though, fuck yeah AMD all the way
Well we're I come from mummy gives me all my money and all I need is buttermilk tendies
Probably a MU bagholder.
How else are you supposed to ride the bus? You don't get inside a horse to ride it!
So what you're saying is **SKY IS THE LIMIT**
Hyperthreading is proprietary to Intel
Welcome you must be new here 
The price of a share of AMD stock in August 2016 - $2.50

The price of a share of AMD stock today - $32

If you had put $1000 into AMD in August 2016 you would have $12,800 without doing anything other than selling your shares.
Lisa senpai marry me
Hi
(second of her name*)
Is this a fact? If so....I bow to thee my Queen 
not exactly, her uncle is only six years older than her.
I think your khaleesi 'breaker of chains reference was a bit to subtle for some'.
Literally every mainstream politics voice. Asians don’t count as white and they don’t count as underprivileged depending on who your talking to. Asians get the shaft academically and when it comes to hiring because they are “too good”.  
I think the narrative he is referring to is the one that suggests only white dudes are allowed to move up companies and get positions like CEO because of systematic racism etc. 

Someone who disagrees with this narrative would argue many Asian people don't fit it, because they are not white yet still often succeed in business.
Psycho alert
Tribal mentality at its finest. You’re a primitive specimen, sir. 
Ppal plz
Welcome home, brother
They're called options contracts and they're super easy to learn, also you can get bigger gains with less invested because of them. You should totes look 'em up.
people realised intc is a POS even though wsb memed it for months. One of the top posts on the sub is Logan Paul finding another corpse.
M'sieur
What about the other 4.71%?
8700k is a good gaming cpu but it is still prone to vulnerability issues where AMD chips are not.
Literally everyone here hates you...
No, you get behind it
MU TO THE MOOOOOOOON

wait
Source for this?  Ryzen chips ridiculously more efficient at hyperthreading than intel offerings. 
Do we still give out “Congrats! It’s an autist!” cards and balloons? 
Wow people are rude on this sub.
Hola bud
Yes it is

https://babeltechreviews.com/nvidias-ceo-is-the-uncle-of-amds-ceo/

All hail the royal family.
That's not a narrative so much as it is part of history, and recent history at that.  If it is less true now than 30 years ago, great, but that isn't a "narrative."  It is literally factual statements.
No you don't understand. Empty your fucking pockets 
including myself
Hyper-threading (officially called Hyper-Threading Technology or HT Technology, and abbreviated as HTT or HT) is Intel's proprietary simultaneous multithreading (SMT) implementation used to improve parallelization of computations (doing multiple tasks at once) performed on x86 microprocessors.

-Wikipedia 
No. Budget unsecured. 
I hope you get raped.
What a fuckin family. I can't even imagine the awkwardness when one relative chooses AMD or NVIDiA over the other.

Silicon Valley meets Game of Thrones. 
I didn't take a position on it, I was just explaining what he meant.
You're being kinda pedantic there, it doesn't really change the meaning of his comment
This is disappointing.
Su Bae sends her regards...
Fair point, I didn’t clarify what I what I was trying to say. Hyper-threading is an technology that is proprietary to Intel, AMD does implement a similar SMT technology for their Ryzen line. However it is not better than Intels. One of the things that Intel processors do better than AMD is SMT. What AMD has going for them is a lower price point, and a higher thread and core count. More threads in a processor does necessarily mean it is better at handling them. The Ryzen line does perform better at performing multiple tasks at once, but that’s because it has more cores and threads than the intel equivalent. So saying that it is better at SMT is inaccurate. I’m not here to shit on AMD I am actually running a Ryzen 2700X in my rig right now, and love it.
I knew it was a fake, he should be dating Jeff Bezos to make things happen.
Fucked up that hundreds of us had to check because we are currently living in a crazy world

4.20k likes. Funding secured!
Had to fucking check this lol
 checked as well, now i feel stupid since it looks kinda fake

cant be sure anymore though, stranger things have been tweeted by donald and elon
*Buys Tesla Calls *
Get ready for the newest addition to Forbes billionaire list - Mackenzie Bezos!
Lvl 1 Thug: Bezos with no prenup 

Lvl 35 Gangster: the Zucc giving your data the Succ

Lvl 100 Boss: Musk being removed from the board for memes 

That’s how Mafia works
Bill Gates is again the richest man on earth. Good job!
Well.. Someone's paying full price for Prime now.
elon musk = if tony stark had autism
You know, Bezos is a genius.

He sees that the tech bubble is about to pop. What better way to liquidate half of your shares at the top of the market without throwing everyone else into a panic sale as well.

Imagine if Bezos had just announced he was selling half of his stake in Amazon without all the divorce talk. People would have freaked and the stock would have tanked.

This way he and his wife get to cash out and not raise any eyebrows. He even leaked the story himself.

Well played Mr. And Mrs. Bezos.
This is how the apocalypse begins, you know.  Blue Origin will destroy SpaceX, but not before destroying Earth in the process.
Plot twist:  After Mackenzie saves Tesla, she gets back together with Bezos and now Amazon owns Tesla.
As crazy as he is, I had my doubts he would ever say "funding secured" again.
Elon's next tweet "Jeff is a kiddy fiddler. Definitely suss" 
Troled le epic style
Elon is one cheeky motherfucker
I don't even know what's real anymore
I’d kinda love it if he did date MacKenzie. She’s really smart and driven, and plus, it would serve Bezos right to see her date a guy like Musk after he went dumpster diving off their friends list. 
[deleted]

Hey /u/AbeFromanLovesYou,


This is now the top post on reddit. It will be recorded at /r/topofreddit with all the other top posts.
What the fuck is up with Lauren Sanchez, her lips are fucked.
4.20k likes, $TSLA to 420 confirmed
At the risk of sounding overly intellectual: lol
As if Elon doesn't have maitial problems

That or these guys are pulling some "do you trust your wife" Andy Dufrense *Shawshank Redemption* collusion to divide their assets 
Funds are safe!
Fucking secured.
My first read of this is that TSA is now funded. Go security!
Is he high again?
Pussy secured.  
At a too-quick glance, I saw "Ellen" tweeting that she was dating MacKenzie Bezos for the money.

Which, you know, fair.
This shit is real? Damn funding indeed is secured lol
3 6 9 damn she fine hoping she can sock it to me one mo time. 420!
She’s worth more than the whole company 😬 crazy 
This is so fucking hilarious
Does Jeffrey  have a glass (left) eye?

Asking for a friend.
God I wish this were real.
At least Bezos can run a public company.
jesus christ.
Is Elon a miniature copy of trump? 
Damnit I looked
Someone please find his account here...
Until they divorce and she takes half of tesla
It would be much funnier if he said he was dating Jeff Bezos.


Elon's now got Bezos membership to amazon prime!
ROFL
Cheers
Fucking brutal. 
Who put crazy in the water tonight?
If you have seen Bill burr act on gold digging whores make great man fall. (I didn't do my research on this matter and talking on observation on the base level.)
Q: does this make Bill Gates jr. The richest man again?
Just found out about this, hope Bezos got a prenup :O
For a man so smart, he sure is dumb.
He's good
I almost thought it was real until I saw the 4.20k likes....it's hard to tell with some of these.
Oof
Money, no money, genius or not, I'd like to hear more about her. Greatest investor whom ever lived..
S A V A G E 
I had to fact check this cause you never know with Elon and Twitter 
>SpaceX funding secured.

This is a better burn.
[deleted]
She just got out of a cheating relationship why would she want to get into an abusive one 
Low blow.
Imagine having a capital letter in the middle of your name.


But he's dating Grimes..
You Simply Can tell that is fake by following elon on Twitter 😁
Savage
Funny yet fake. 
Im r/outoftheloop somebody please explain? 
Elon Must.... Secure funding.
That is very close to the bone..😂😂😂
That is very close to the bone..
Ah yeah, Bezzie Bezzos. Imagine being such a piece of human garbage not even over a hundred thirty billion will make a woman stay with you.
The thing I like and I hate about this guy is that he's got money, fans and success and he really doesn't give a shit about anything.
420 on the likes heheheh
Making a joke isn't trolling. 
What a douchebag. The world we now live in.
I believe a valuation at 420 was 71 billion, so she might not have enough after taxes to cover going private (not everyone will sell, so maybe she would).
That's how the mafia works
r/trashy
You could say that’s prime
This is his pickup line. 2019 is wild. 
Nastyyy 
Probably another SEC investigation incoming 
Gay
MacKenzie Musk. Either a comic book heroine or a dirty pornstar. 
Either way it satisfies my alliteration fetish. 
That's actually rather funny. Is it real or fake?
Billionaire jokes.
4.20k likes. Nice!
He should’ve written SpaceX’s funding secured .. as a Bezos is a rival to that ...
I hate that I actually thought this was real and had to check.
It’s bad I had to go check to see if Elon really posted this or not. 
Checked 
Damn Elon, a lil ruthless bro
“She was supposed to buy your shorty Tyco with your money
She went to the doctor, got lipo with your money
She walkin' around lookin' like Michael with your money
Shoulda got that insured, Geico for your money
If you ain't no punk
Holla, "We want prenup! We want prenup!" (Yeah!)
It's somethin' that you need to have
‘Cause when she leave yo' ass, she gon' leave with half“ - Kanye West


4,20 k likes. Take em away boiis.
This would make MacKenzie Bezos way too powerful. 
This is the laziest photoshop ever 
She's banging though bro, I am not lying to you
10/10 savage 
Washington Post hasn’t reported any of the cheating yet, shows how much of a hold Bezos really has. What will be interesting is seeing how his side projects turn out, people assume she will just follow his lead but reality is that when lawyers get involved the whole situation and amazon can be changed
I am the alpha
Y u do dis ? 
Even Elon buys open box Amazon Warehouse deals.
Not true guys, does anyone fact check?!
"I don't give a fuck about TSLA"
Is there any way I can hide all Elon posts from my Reddit feed?
Run good joke.exe
Trolling Bezos and the SEC gives him a special place in my heart.
You, are fake news. That’s the real troll ;)
Lol 
Lmao why the rts so fake 
Elon is a BOSS.
lol no verified badge
is he still dating grimes tho im j curious
Elon
I think he'd have a better shot with Jeff.
Savage
It’s pretty hilarious despite potentially fake. 
He's one to talk.

Didn't he divorce the same woman twice?

&#x200B;

I know its fake but still.
Jeff Bezos losing $140 billion from divorce. Makes you question if marriage is worth it.
•One of many things you can say if you are rich with out any consequence. 
How do u not like this guy 
Elon has no chill.
Be careful with marriages Elon they first marry , divorce and take all that hard earned money
OP is shit at Photoshopping.
Puff puff pass Elon!
Why no blue tick?
[deleted]
I expect Joe Rogan as best man. Dont @ me. 
Another gold digging whore as Bill Burr would say 
This is funny but also sad. 
Getting half of someone’s shit by leaving them is fucking retarded. 
The laws need to change. 
Until then, DONT FUCKING GET MARRIED
F
[deleted]
This seems unnecessarily cruel, to be honest
THIS IS NOT AN ELON SUB!! HOW FRAKING autistic YOU PEOPLE? 
Can you say "power couple"? 
Two big dick bald billionaires together? They would be too powerful and must be destroyed.
I mean it's still something he would do
No verified symbol and the @elonmusk kerning/placement is all kinds of fucked up. That plus the 4.20k and it's in satire territory.
Remember that Kevin Spacy video 2 weeks ago... That wasn't a dream, it relly happened! 
Discount dystopian universe #8328
[deleted]
There should be an independent satire tag icon thingy that mods can quickly add or can be added from an automod comment voting mechanism.
I just spent 5 minutes of my valuable toilet time checking. Fuck.
[deleted]
Time stamp isn't 4:20pm, definitely a fake
It’s the worst with trump. So hard to tel if he trolling or not
I'd argue we've always lived in a crazy world. The craziness was just better hidden from the public eye.
They didn't even put in the low effort of adding a check mark. 
420k likes and you had to check?
Blaze It!
That’s also going to be Jeff’s net worth after legal fees, division of property, and ungodly massive alimony.
Funds are safu
And 3**69**111 retweets. 
  
Nice. 
That's nothing compared to BTS
If our lord and savior Elon actually say this then I will sell every asset I have and go all in on Tesla calls even though I'm a Tesla short.
Naice.
3-69-111 retweets
Nice.

[https://imgur.com/a/qWxfFbe](https://imgur.com/a/qWxfFbe)
You can tell its fake by the odd way the “retweets” number is written out and spaced oddly, whereas the “likes” number is a smaller number but is abbreviated.
So is it real? 
The 4.20 K likes was a dead giveaway tbh
[deleted]
Same lol.  So disappointed.
The retweet / likes number looks a bit too fake but Elon man
Even though this is funny as fuck, I doubt we'll get to see any more jokes from his twitter feed any time soon. :(
You can tell it's fake because his profile pic doesn't have that mustache.
How do you know trump watched Stranger Things? 
Kinda looked fake, but I'm still disappointed. It would be pretty fantastic trolling.
Shorts Bezos' marriage.
What a self made, independent woman. An example all women should strive towards.
Correct me if I’m wrong, but I don’t think a prenup would have done anything for Bezos considering his assets before the marriage would be negligible relative to his current worth.  
Username confirmed.
inb4 r/choosingbeggars
Holy shit. He's Xander Crews from Frisky Dingo.
Elon Musk= Nikola Telsa if Telsa was of average intelligence, didn't invent anything, and married the pigeon he was in love with.
What about the talks of him and his new girlfriend tho?

How does that fit into your theory.
Hmm Long TSLA $___$
You're saying long blue origin?
Yeah I also fell for it at first.
[deleted]
I'll tell you what's real, friend. There used to be a huge manatee called the Steller's sea cow. It grew to 30 feet and weighed 10 tons! Unfortunately it was hunted to extinction in the 1700s. But, unlike most extinct animals, Steller's sea cow can be revived! It lived in the icy Bering Sea between Russia and Alaska so there is still intact DNA in the ice. The world will make sense again soon u/o_the_huge_manatee. You won't won't be alone for far longer. We can rebuild them. We have the technology.  
  
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steller%27s_sea_cow
Hea not on the board anymore lol
No, it doesn't hurt shortsellers.
China
Poseidon. 
Super-Prime. 
> prenup

...or not, they will fuck him raw.
Jeff, Elon or MacKenzie?
"Starting to date Elon. Blue Origin tech secured." - Jeff
True.
Travesty.
Bezos and his wife separated and decided to divorce. He claimed they were in great terms and thankful and will be close friends but he would do it all over again.

At least that’s what I read. Idk how accurate.
What if she just wanted someone more attractive and waited for the right time so she can get a half
But he ain’t gay that’s  the roadblock lol
He’s not losing 140 billion, maybe half of that depending on what happens with the divorce.  Some speculation that this potential forced divorce stock sale is how he gets out of his stock at the peak like others have done before (Enron guy).  

He wasn’t worth much when he got married (anywhere from 50-500k depending on your source) and he turned that into AMZN billions within that marriage.  So 300k-ish to 70 billion (his half of the shares) during the marriage was absolutely, positively worth it.  He can literally buy an entire decent  country with that money.  Some people after divorces can’t afford the basics for life.
are you a moron?
Too predictable
You sound like Idubbbz’s european accent
pOwER CoUpLE
Which one would be the power bottom?
Power coupler and flux capacitor
Well it is a good joke.
This seems like one of those “lol just joking! ... but uhh is that something maybe you would consider...”?
Wait so did he or no?
He did nothing wrong.
[deleted]
Which is strange because it's so much easier to change the text on an existing tweet than to fake an entire tweet, name and all.
/r/keming 
I don't get why people don't just edit the HTML of an existing tweet?

https://i.imgur.com/zWQ7zMi.png
369111 is also a very good number, too euphoric to stumble into the cap by chance
I had a dream last night Kevin spacey killed like 39 people in a room with machine guns but I somehow dipped then he gave chase but others gave me a shotgun then he followed me in his car it was nuts then a plane crashed in front of us pretty wild 
Fuck
Maybe that’s why you can’t sleep 
No I don't, what was it?
it's all Rick and Morty's fault, they fucked with too many alternate realities
wtf is that sub man, so sad that people are proudly showing off their various Ambien-fueled “misadventures”. Like just admit that you have a drug problem at this point, and maybe try a different sleep med that won’t make you do weird fucking shit.
FunDinG SecUreD
I never said I had to check. 
Saddle up, boys!
Those lawyers aids will never work another day in their lives.
Why would she need alimony when she gets 70 billion worth of stocks?
It wouldn’t surprise me if she had an “accident”
He can afford it. He's a billionaire---137 time over.
Yeah, alimony because the Judge will definitely say "*until she gets on her feet financially Jeff...*"

(What?)
3 6 9 damn she fine
Little Jon came on the Spotify mix and that’s where that came 369 from.   Had to pump up those numbers by adding some 1’s.
Why not just inspect element and change text? No need for photoshop and Tye design it would look 100% real.
Aside from that it seems scarily like something Elon would do on Twitter
And the account isn't verified
Thanks buzz killington
There's that plugin that makes Trumps tweets look like it's written in crayon, so I had to make sure it was real even though I noticed the weird text. The 4.20K likes should've tipped me off though.
Or you could’ve told because it had 4.20K Likes and is clearly a joke tweet lmfao
You can tell it's fake by the way it be 
The number of likes and retweets as well 
Kerning is the word for spacing of letters in a font
And the fact that it’s 4.20k likes 
also there are **4.20**k likes
It's as real as Bezo's new lover's lips
Every detail is off lol
Yeah, but this is Elon we're talking about, so... 
and because whoever the real OP was doesn't know how to align text. 
you can tell its fake by the way it is
*cries in poor person*
It is unfair but to play devil's advocate, she was with him before Amazon was a thing so we can rule out gold digging.
Lean in
A prenup is just a legal agreement.  So it all would depend on what was written in the agreement.
Correct. He formed Amazon after he was married
So a prenup before your rich does nothing to protect your assets once you are rich? 
It depends on the jurisdiction. Prenuptial or marriage/domestic contracts allow you to vary the division of property and rights/obligations during the marriage and time of separation. This can be used to override statutory rights/obligations as well (except for rights' and obligations concerning children iirc).
Yes it would have. You can get a post-nuptial agreement as well. It is possible that once AMZN went public, he & his wife signed a post-nuptial agreement regarding their current and future assets. 

Or they might have entered a legal agreement before the public announcement. Extremely unlikely that they’re gonna take this in front of a judge and turn their divorce into a public spectacle. 
Barnaby Jones
I dont know how reasonable person can say hes average intelligence. 

Average person isnt self-made billionaire and didnt study physics PhD on Stanford. 

He didnt invent anything. But he obviously has great achievements, especially Space-X is probably at least on par with Teslas inventions.
I would give you gold for this comment if I had some extra $$. r/KungfuSamuraiNinja , you might just be my favorite person on reddit. Keep up the awesome sauce.
For real!
Yeah fair point
Spongebob!
It will be interesting to see if he’ll still remain the richest man in the world.

Happy cake day btw!
I hope she destroys him in court. Anyone so horrendous to his employees should be hurting.
How to ruin an argument in 5 seconds starring /u/paxthrowaway1234
Bravo.
We need answers.
No
Remember that time he called the guy in charge of rescuing the kids trapped in the cave pedo? this seems right up his alley.
So consider making a sex tape is something he's can agree with you doubt he wouldn't make a joke about this?
Sometimes people do it intentionally so people know this is a joke and not real.

Fear of reprisal?
Did he bad touch you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JZveA-NAIDI

Enjoy!
GUYS, I SLAPPED A GOPRO ON MY SKULL AND LOOK AT ALL THE COCKS I SUCKED ON MY AMBIEN FUELED ADVENTURE.
I have serious insomnia and all these tweets and situations related to Ambien really scare me away from trying it to be honest.
I just checked your comment and history and apparently everyone has misunderstood your comment (then maybe everyone needs reading comprehension skills?)
Anyways when you say “many of us” ‘you’ are included in the ‘us’. 
Those lawyers’ janitors will never work another day in their lives.
[deleted]
They can only bill hourly for family law work. 
I thought I read that she wouldn't go for the stocks as it could cause a crash.  Its safer for him and her to go for property and Alimony.
Because rich people are never satisfied with how much wealth they currently have.
She worked at a hedge fund - not like she doesn’t have her own career
Pan tee line
Pretty sure thats Ying Yang Twins.
.
This is WSB. Of course it is amateur.
Like this: https://imgur.com/irJ1KFN
For those who don't know, a website can be thought of as a document that you download when you go to a URL. It's a document containing code from three computer languages called HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. The browser reads the code from the document you've downloaded and these give the browser the instructions it needs to display the website to you in the way the web developer intended.

But, since you downloaded the document, then you can also edit the document. Every piece of text on the website is located somewhere in the text of the document. Chrome will let you change the text.

If you were to refresh the webpage, then you'd redownload the website document and the text would go back to normal. And that's how the internet works with web browsers, in a nutshell.
https://i.imgur.com/Pbgo3hm.png
[deleted]
LOL. Yeah, damn you OP and Elon. I had to check too. What a world we live in now.
Usually I think the ultra self made wealthy are geniuses. But to cheat on your wife of forever, for her? *really*?
That pussy gonna cost papa bezos $60 bil... she fine, but she ain't THAT fine, damn
Ba ha ha!  


How the hell do you quippy bastards come up with a one liner like this so fast? Even with a month of Sundays my best quip would still be 100% retarded.
give me a name pls, need those /r/DSL pics 
And as cocked as her eye
Yeah but if you just look at the picture for 2 seconds you can see it’s a shitty photoshop.
Elon's response: https://i.imgur.com/cviCirR.png
*Longs your tears.*
Unless you factor he had money back than to
Contracts don't have unlimited power. 
Actually, it all depends on the jurisdiction. 
It absolutely can. 
He kinda made paypal from scratch right? Like I thought him and another dude legit coded it from the beginning, but I could be wrong. 
Hard not to be an Elon fanboy. The people he’s being compared to pioneered the physics and mathematics that allowed this level of engineering to be possible. And he’s the entrepreneur with enough vision to guide a company towards Engineering and pioneering new fields beyond what we thought were possible. Standing on the shoulders of giants I guess. Time will tell Elon’s legacy cuz if any of us knew we’d be rich
> , especially Space-X is probably at least on par with Teslas inventions.

and what contribution, other than capital, did Musk contribute? Musk should be compared to guys like Howard Hughes. And I highly suspect Musk will have, or already has had a piss bottle phase.
Happy cake day!
Ffs, it's not my cake day, I lied!
Charlie. 
Wtf is this sentence. I just contracted tuberculosis reading this shit
Plus he smocked cannabis that one time.
Wait... what??
The gentleman's troll
I think he was saying it's easier to just change the page source than to photoshop an entire image.  
You don't want to fuck with the fake tweet police.
No he was like a crime boss I did t even remember his rape history
FUNNILY ENOUGH IT'S FEWER DICKS THAN I SUCKED WHEN I WAS STONE COLD SOBER
Guaranteed results on pornhub if you copy and paste your comment in the search box.
Ambien is why I don't have a smart phone.
same here man, severe insomnia but definitely never trying Ambien. Plenty of other alternatives out there.
Your last sentence is a completely false interpretation.

I said "Hundreds of us". Never said myself. Case in point -- If I say "Hundreds of Americans could save money by doing {x, y, z}" would you assert that I am included as one who could save money via x, y, z? No, because there is nothing in the statement that references my own situation. 
those lawyers kids will develop narcissism and various addictions before landing a cushy job somewhere and cleaning up their acts, after which some will go on to great success and others will end up divorced alcoholics and sex touring 3rd world countries. 
Those lawyers’ Mandingos will finally leave candy land
Not worth the lifestyle at these big firms actually
This could be a settlement in the billions range - now its unlikely she would hand over even 10% but it could easily be a 500m or better payday to the attorneys
When you're so rich a mismanaged divorce could tank a fragile stock market.
Buy the dip?


Yep
"Get Low" is a song by American rapper Lil Jon & the East Side Boyz, featuring American hip hop duo Ying Yang Twins, released in 2003.
[deleted]
Fucking pedophile

-Elon Musk 
No truths. Only tendies.
We live in a simulation
That’s how I felt too. Like dude, you’re the richest guy in the world and you left your cute wife for this tranny looking piece of aged plastic? What the fuck! He could be out there pulling the entire Victoria’s Secret lineup. 
[deleted]
For $60 billion he could buy an island, pay all the dudes to move off of it, and have thousands of wives
Serious post: You are in a subreddit that is all about wall street stock market price speculation and gambling in the high hopes that you hit a jackpot like those occasional lucky ones who rake in 100%-5000+% profits. 

This stock market makes losers out of winners, and winners out of losers. Bezos wife was a loser who turned out to be one VERY BIG winner after 25 years. Thats the beauty of the market place. You can't subjectively determine what a girl (or a man for that matter) is worth or not. The market already determined it: possibly a potential $60 billion. 

If the losers in this subreddit think they "deserve" the  money they make from day trading, then she does too. 

If anyone here think this kind of money is too much, then maybe its time you go back to /r/chapshithouse and whine about it there. 
she’s not fine at all. she looks like every ofher hispanic TV woman but with a weirdlt wide mouth and plastic up the ass.
She'll become the world's 5th richest person in this divorce.
My gf and I got into this last night.  Unless Benzos wife was a crucial part of Amazons development, I don't understand why she is entitled to half.  If I was divorcing Beyonce, I wouldn't expect half of her life's work.  

GF didn't agree and it escalated quickly.  
There’s a difference between autistic and retarded
Have an upvote for verification mark.
a video producer for a political ad of mine showed me this one trick to make a Trump Tweet support my position on an issue. I was amazed.
wtf is this real?
Fair enough.  But the agreement could have specified a limit to the amount someone could gain.  But then a judge must uphold that and you never know how that could go.  2 points for you sir!
Prenups are generally respected by courts as long as they don't violate some of the basic tenets of contract law. 
So move to Iran before you divorce? 
It normally doesn't, and would definitely raise some eyebrows for the wife to be and her family. If prenups are a touchy topic, one that includes this clause would be an almost guaranteed fight. cAn'T GeT DivoRceD iF YOu NeVEr geT MarRieD aMAritE gUyS? GOttA ProTEct dEM TeNdieSsSSss
This is correct.
[deleted]
> or already has had a piss bottle phase.

what's that supposed to mean? He is a workaholic who doesn't take the time to go to the toilet?

Hughes is a great comparison. But he was hardly "average intelligence" either.
Dude I don't understand why you got downvoted to shit for an honest observation on this particular individual. 

But that is the beast that is Reddit eh. If you cared then it would actually matter right...Bleh.

Anyway, that said, I took offence at you spelling Nicola Teslas name incorrect. Then at the non invented claim about not inventing anything. But my opinon counts for shit on the internet, so you can just cop this.

 You should reconsider your position on a guy who has obtainable, and out of your frame of reference by the looks of it, actual goals. 

This guy has created two absolute behemoth companies. Corporate giants in a *very* niche field, which enabled him to profit in this bullshit capitalist nightmare that we live in incidentally, and is now hell bent on being a human, perhaps THE first human, that took us, **properly** into the stars. 

Which is our next logical frontier. 

Or, for some of us it is. 

All thanks to his ability to use his own capital in tandem with his unique attitude to business.

Kinda like that fuckin idiot the US has running their government. A change was as good as a holiday but that dudes Visa has expired for sure.

Anyway, I could believe the piss bottle phase thing, but if it means Elon Musk gets us to Mars before another more critically and infinitely dangerous group of individuals, then I will back that dude 100%.

Hows that Bezos dude though ay, that dude messed up big time. It's almost like the start of a Tom Clancy novel. 


The cake is a lie anyway.
Delta
You contracted tuberculosis, they contracted "he is can", I don't know which is worse
Absolutely out of control.
Wear a smoke or you'll get weed on your shirt
> smocked 


Just a seizure, move along
From a more civilized age.
That’s how mafia works 
Someone really needs to spin up a #MeToo GTAesq spin-off in the same vain of Leisure Suit Larry. 
Kinky
Ambien is good shit man, gets one to sleep after mad dopamine tendies or the crushing self sorrow after a big loss. Is this r/wallstreetbets or r/imapussy? 
where's the part where they become mods on WSB?
Don't forget that half of them will overdose/ wrap their car around a tree/ and/or get knocked up before they ever have their first job. 
I've never wanted to be a lawyers kid before..
I think the kids should look to their left, now to their right. One of them will do exceedingly well in business, just unlimited potential. One of them, will make a living, and nothing more. And one of them, will make a great mother. It's up to them to choose which they want to be.
Those lawyers kids will end up stabbing each other for the last bottle of water between them in 15 years, what you talking bout bezos is destroying the planet, lmO
Gotta spread the wealth...
And their children will be daytraders.


Nah mang it's like Entourage hookers, strippers, and cocaine!
No way, she would most likely just hire a law firm to work by the hour...maybe a few million tops.
If she decides to offload all the stocks she gets then yes it would cause issues.
When your business model is so fragile one stock transaction could upend it.
Fantastic. The YYT were the ones who said 3-6-9
O...kay... I think it's interesting though...
Come on, no reasonable person would think Musk was serious when he repeatedly and publicly accused that guy of being a paedophile. He was, er, joking!
I want this on a t-shirt
When was it ever said that his wife sexually denied him? People cheat all the time for all sorts of reasons. Of all the cheaters and people cheated on that I talked to, it was actually the opposite--cheater did it for boredom/escapism, and they usually denied their partner intimacy.
He still can.
Pay all the dudes to go Thailand and have gender reassignment surgery. 
Counterpoint: the market doesn't determine how much an ex-wife is worth; the courts do.
[deleted]
I like how in your world women are girls and men are men.
Bad fight to pick bro. Next time, "yeah, babe, that shit is cray.....what you want to eat?"

Divorce is not a topic to pontificate about: it can lead to real hurt feelings way too early in the game.
Autistic says to me that whilst something might appear a bit stupid, there's also a hint of genius that becomes evident as time goes on... Like some of the YOLO plays we see.

Retarded is just stupid full stop, no redeeming qualities at all. That's my one liners.
Wat
Most pre nups only protect assets from before the marriage. Not future assets. 

A lot of pre nups get thrown out anyways. 
Just don't move to California or Wisconsin before divorcing.  (but seriously, if you have a prenup it probably dictates in what jusrisdiction the prenup will be legally reviewed and state laws usually spell out the correct venue for a dissolution)
PayPal and X.com were competing, then they merged into X.com and then changed to PayPal or something. He was responsible for a lot of key features, but also worrying enough that the other members launched a coup. He also put most of his fortune from Zip2 into X.com, and iirc was the largest shareholder when PayPal was bought. Basically yeah, you could call him a cofounder.
Crack open a history book or learn something titans of industries that existed before the 2010s.
don't you just hate typing paragraphs only to get downvotes?
We is all can on this blessed day.
[reference](https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1072095127894667265?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw%7Ctwcamp%5Etweetembed%7Ctwterm%5E1072095127894667265&ref_url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.wired.com%2Fstory%2Finternet-week-200%2F)
2019, here we come 
I would like to pre-order. Will I get the exclusive Harvey Weinstein leisure suit skins?
PoundMeToo
r/iamverybadass
Somewhere between rehab and the cushy job....
Jesus this is scary accurate 
Not hard to do if you never get a job
But yet you are. 
bezos is destroying the planet? singlehandedly, by himself? man, all we gotta do is neutralize him and all our environmental problems are solved? That's so simple! Why haven't we done it yet? 


Wouldn't ya just hate that?
Yeah, seriously. The best divorce lawyers in the world wouldn't cost more than a few million.
Let me amend my comment with this gif https://i.imgur.com/fUZewk4.gif

Does that clarify the tone?
67 billion dollars worth of shares sold in 1 day in 1 transaction would tank any stock. It's just math. 

U know that one “transaction” is larger than most companies in sp500
that's uh... not how the market works. 
Nerd
It is
I'm hoping it's the beginning of a meme. The added bonus being that the variations reveal one's personal values and psychology. E.g.,

\- No Gods. Only Tendies.

\- No Country. Only Tendies.

\- No Love. Only Tendies.

\- No War. Only Tendies.

\- No Fear. Only Tendies.

And so on, and so forth...

Perhaps it'll catch the interest of a good gif-maker here.

&#x200B;

A fag can dream...
Oof too close to home, my GF held out on sex for like a month and then I found out she was cheating on me, now at least I know what the red flags are so I’ll be able to emotionally check out before I break up with her.
[deleted]
Divorce isn't finalized, market still has a chance.

$60 billion buys a lot of hitmen. 
It’s the same world you live in. 

30 year old male sees his male friend and says “hey man what’s up”

30 year old female sees her female friend and says “hey girl what’s up”

Males don’t call each other boy, and females don’t call each other woman. Stop looking for sexism where it doesn’t exist.
this post really has too much effort for the payout
#HAVE AN UPVOTE FOR VERIFICATION MARK.
Twitter verified account blue check mark
Or you could just tell me what a piss bottle phase is supposed to be.
Meh.
>*We's all can*

FTFY
Not really anymore, used to do all kinds of drugs, now I'm clean but make fun of people scared of a little Ambien online.

These horror stories are seriously mind boggling to me, I'm sure most are fabricated, and the true ones probably belong to the absolute biggest dumbasses you'll ever meet in life. I've met plenty of moronic drug users, they're usually the ones who end up doing whack shit when blacked out. I've blacked out so many times on drugs and the weirdest thing I did was change all our lightbulbs to energy efficient ones. Most times I just sat online and trolled like any other day.

If you wanna get a good night sleep, 5mg of ambien will do you very well. Not gonna black out or do crazy shit on 5mg, just get a nice rest. 
fuck i was born into the wrong reality
A guy with the last name Hamm (oil guy), 5 or 6 years ago, worth 15 billion at the time of divorce, ordered to pay 1 billion to the ex. He debated it. Oil prices fell, he debated it again in court, he was then worth 4 billion, court says "you owe 1 billion dollars".  

He started and owned the companies *before* he married.

She got a billion.

Mackenzie Bezos started the company with her husband Jeff Bezos, after (while) they were married.

She will get 75 billion dollars.  No debate.
And when you're set to get billions a few millions is chump change to secure it
https://i.imgur.com/rClPNmW.jpg
Haha yeo
Yeah, that's definitely correct. RDay is apparently extremely ignorant of how the market works.
They probably wouldn't let her do it

...it reality, it's probably worse than that.
No dreams. Only Tendies. 
No Yacht. Only Tendies. 
There's nothing you did wrong. Cheating is usually about the cheater's issues, not you; you could be the perfect partner and still get cheated on. Sometimes there's dead bedroom exceptions, but I'm sure you weren't sexually depriving your girlfriend (hopefully ex?) like the other guy says all people cheated on do. 






Guy I know had the hottest, supportive loving wife with a high sex drive, but he still cheated on her all the time. Dude was like Danny Devito coming home to Margot Robbie every night, everyone was crazy jealous. Said he just got bored, wanted novelty. She also found out because he was depriving her (and because she got gonorrhea). 







Woman I know cheated on her husband and pushed the other guy (who was also married) to marry her. She had a kid, and the new guy wanted his own kid too. Think she bait and switched him, because she didn't want another child. I thought she was with her current husband for romance, but apparently she cheats on him too lol. And he probably cheats on her. It was just a status upgrade for both of them--richer husband, hotter wife.






Another guy I know is married with kids, and fucks hookers all the time. Often enough that it's like an addiction. I guess for him it's about the fact that he has money to do it, guess it makes him feel more powerful and masculine knowing he can buy people. 



Woman I met was living a spoiled life with a man who loved her with every fiber of her being. She quit her career to relocate for her husband (in Hawaii, dude was some high ranking military officer), and worked part time designer retail. Husband paid all the bills, so it was just leisure money to hemorrhage on purses. She had a longterm affair with their married neighbor. Think it was a boredom/identity crisis, guess she felt like she had no purpose.
I've known plenty of cheaters and people cheated on--just because it's not perfectly logical doesn't mean it's not real. 


Don't base your world view on logic deprived of experience, be open minded to the possibility that just because you don't *think* it's real doesn't mean it isn't.
What?
Naw, they heard just busy doin their own thing ,didntyouhear!
He was a crazy tycoon of the early half of the 20th century. One of the richest men in the world at the time, he had a crazy inventive mind and obsessed with pet projects. 

For instance, he thought he could ostensibly build a flying wooden ship for the military, that later would become known as the Spruce Goose. He would obsess over his ideas, which were often, like Musk's, quite brilliant. 

Toward the latter end of his life, however, he became incredibly reclusive and reportedly wouldn't leave specific rooms for months on end. He would store his urine in various bottles. This was Hughes' 'piss bottle phase'. 
It referenced Howard Hughes, at the time the worlds richest man, fell into mental excentricities. He collected his piss in jars and lined the rooms of his mansions with them.

Pretty sad, he died quite demented. Hughes was, (before his projects caught up with tech at the time and could do little else), very flamboyant and a risk taker, much like Musk.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Howard_Hughes#Last_years_and_death

Hope it helps
Perfection. Should be Democrat 2020 campaign slogan. 
Ever have a dream where you could fly by simply mentally willing it?

...yeah, some people live that dream by consistently "failing up".
WA is a community property state so yeah. Most of the cost will be associated with which half. 
You have too many stories to not self-publish somewhere bro. 

Spread your wings peacock!!
As a member of the LGBT community: God, if only people would. 
[deleted]
What? 
With literally baseless assumptions that Bezos' wife was sexually depriving him, because that's why everyone cheats? That's not a world view, that's ridiculously ignorant assumptions.
English muthafuka, do you speak it. 
Rocket scientist: "Elon why is the car 100lbs over weight? It will crash into Mars unless we adjust trajectory."

Elon: "Perfect. . ."
the second dead hooker is in the space suit
Scientist- so how much fuel will we need if the car weighs 2500 pounds

Elon- call it 2620
Sir Richard Branson isn't a hooker.
They're hookers when they're dead Cyril
Now...let’s think about this for real.

What were to happen if one day they ACTUALLY found a body in the trunk?

Since it’s not even in this planet, and let’s say there’s absolutely 0 evidence that IS on this planet. Could they convict him?
Nice
[deleted]
Frunk*
Quick, long $TSLA
Dead hooker jokes, impact font, 2018. Good job guys
ALL IN ON NEW BODY DISPOSABLE START UP
CSI HATES this one fool proof tip!
I find it a little odd that there are so many "there's a dead body in the car" jokes with this. I mean, couldn't there be dead bodies in any of the rockets that were launched? Am I missing something or is it just because the car and space suit man makes it more relative? 
This is a Monk episode
"These are nice cars. These are luxury cars. I've got a whole place-"

*Norm MacDonald voice* "They're fully loaded. They're loaded with dead hookers!"
r/comedycemetery
This is probably the funniest meme I've seen all week.
What happens if we make first contact through the car and the aliens are like, 
"nice of you to send a body so we can study your anatomy"
"wtf we didn't send a body"

not the perfect crime.
That made my morning
I need "in the trunk of your car" to be on the top text line
But seriously, I would like to know what’s in that car that we weren’t told about.
Damn, this was painfully unfunny the first time it was posted, now it’s everywhere, it’s even worse 
Can you imagine if during that footage of the car being let out into space, the trunk hooked on something and suddenly a dead body just started floating away.
trunk?

[Try: behind the wheel.](http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2018/02/08/04/48FA56ED00000578-5365719-image-m-77_1518063090639.jpg)

/r/EnoughMuskSpam
What is my perfect crime? I break into Tiffany's at midnight. Do I go for the vault? No, I go for the chandelier. It's priceless. As I'm taking it down, a woman catches me. She tells me to stop. It's her father's business. She's Tiffany. I say no. We make love all night. In the morning the cops come and I escape in one of their uniforms. I tell her to meet me in Mexico but I go to Canada. I don't trust her. Besides, I like the cold. Thirty years later, I get a postcard. I have a son and he's the chief of police. This is where the story gets interesting: I tell Tiffany to meet me in Paris, by the Trocadero. She's been waiting for me all these years; she's never taken another lover. I don't care, I don't show up. I go to Berlin. That's where I stashed the chandelier.

couldn't help it
Long Elon. Space X and TSLA can wait
Context?
At like 10000$ a lb to send something into space that’s an expensive way to deal with a dead hooker
Jimmy Hoffa is in the Space Suit 
Brought new meaning to '*pow* straight to the moon!'

(yes i know it's not going to the moon :p)
No one does an existential crisis better than Elon
Yah more like the military's got a secret satellite in the trunk waiting for the keyfob signal to pop the trunk.
I'll fetch the rug sir. 
Why would he do that when he can just use his Illudium Q-36 Explosive Space Modulator
Take a look at the lawman / Beating up the wrong guy / Oh man, wonder if he'll ever know / He's in the best selling show / Is there life on Mars?
nah no hooker. the clone killed the original elon or prime zero
Praise lord Musk!
inb4 someone copy pastes the Tiffany thing from The Office
Elon Musk is the coolest person ever
Some day, a hundred years from now, a future version of Heraldo is going to be very disappointed when the trunk is opened.
the [Loc-Nar](https://youtu.be/rYy_XJpI6uk) is in the trunk, not a hooker.
Next time I’m gonna send my Tesla Truck into space ;) - Musk
[deleted]
Or in the suit
No, Cyril, when they're dead, they're called hookers! 
Why do I keep seeing this stupid ass joke
/r/ComedyCemetery 
ASStronauts.
[Ive never seen so many dead hookers in all my life.](https://youtu.be/BlWpx55Mo5s?t=43)
I'm confused and r/outoftheloop , whats happening
I don’t get it. What’s the joke?
Don't you mean call girl?
He chose the wrong song... Should have been:

*David Bowie - Ashes to Ashes*
that face when you steal the top comment and make it into a TFW meme
Redditors heard this on a radio show, time to read it recycled for months 
Better than sinking your u-boat...
Wouldn't even matter if he admitted it as there is literally no way on earth to recover the body 
This is how urban legends are born
So I'll be the one to ask...does anybody know *how* a body degrades in a vacuum like that? I mean, it's super cold and void of oxygen. 

What happens?
Whoa, this could be a script to a movie with Matt Damon making a trip to Mars to retrieve the car and the dead body.
Elon Must hide the body 
The hooker is the quartly earning of tesla 
He pulled of the geatedt heist of wallstreet history 
How tesla is the second most valuable car company ??? 
There were even more in the core that crashed 

Why do you think it was so off balance 
She's actually still alive
Dutch News: Man butchers woman in home-made submarine  
Elon: Hold my beer
Next he'll send up a "test flight" of Crew Dragon with 7 "test dummies". *wink*
Well jeeze that's pretty dark.
Anyone seen Amber Heard since the launch?
Just stuff her into that space suit.  The best hiding place is often right there in plain sight.
How perfect would it be if david bowies ashes were aboard the car
what shit hole this dump has become
Bleh. It'd be easier to just leave any "excess bio matter" under the launchpad.
One in the frunk and one in the trunk.
C'mon, he's not Craig James, it's not like he *allegedly* murdered 5 hookers....
I mean yeah, rich people get away with stuff all the time.
Criss-cross
Nah yall got it all wrong, James Bond is in the trunk of that car.

I'm pretty sure it's the car his ex-wife tried to sue him for as well...
Instead of launching the dummy Elon should have asked any billionaire families if they would be willing to make a large donation in exchange for launching a dead family member out into space as a special funeral. 
Imagine a world where you could avoid prosecution by shooting the evidence into the endlessness of space.
I kinda hate how gorgeous Elon Musk is.  His smile lines are effing beautiful.   
Elon wouldn't waste that valuable trunk space on a hooker. It's gotta be one of those billionaires that aren't near the 10-billion mark.
This joke is so low effort. I'd take a dad joke any day of the week over this one here. 
Have you seen the trunk of a Tesla roadster?  There is no way a human body cold fit in there.  You guys are off the mark, she's in the space suit if anything.
Truth is, there are rumors a living human was in the space suit, and the intention was to crash them into Mars or the sun. 

Apparently the drugs were timed to wear off right before launch, hence the “Don’t Panic!” on the dash.
Androids dont have feelings / expressions
r/ComedyCemetery
Anyone seen Amber Heard lately?
Now it makes sense to me. 
He wasn’t dead....
You know he put her in the frunk!
he will become the worlds biggest serial killer when he launches that rocket full of people to mars on a one way trip
bullshit. That hooker is wearing the spacesuit.
So... James Bond in the suit, hooker in the trunk. What else has he packed that damn car with?
This could be fucking true!!! 😂 oh god.
Nah put her in a spaceman suit in plain site. 
I was going to say from the very beginning, it sounds like a Sci fi funeral that someone would ask for as a hypothetical. Floating through space endlessly listening to David bowie, I honestly wouldn't be surprised if a good friend of his died and musk put him in that space suit to honor his wishes
It's Amber Heard's evil sister 
creepy gummy smile
The aliens who find this car is in for a huge surprise 
How can we stop this madman?
He should have put Amber Heard in that car...
He should have put Amber Heard in that car...
This is making me extremely curious about the decomposition process (or lack thereof) in outer space conditions.
Imagine being so rich, that the only thing you can think to do with 90 million is fly your god damned overpriced car around a planet. 
This has me laughing out loud. 
Call girl! They’re called call girls. 
[More info on this theory!](https://www.reddit.com/r/SpaceXLounge/comments/7vwfmm/conspiracy_theories_about_the_falcon_heavy_test/)
Scientifically speaking, what would happen to a human corpse sent into space that way?
In 100 years, when they retrieve the car and find the hooker, they’re going to give a police interrogation to Elon’s sentient head preserved in a jar, and he will simply explain that “aliens did it”.  
Dude where's my dead hooker?
Well we’ll know in 100 years when that car becomes a space mark
Will the hooker body not disintegrate? I think i found the perfect body preservation method
Makes u wonder, was there a customs check before launching??
Uhhh how about the spaceman being a dead person?  A hooker in the trunk?

This is also a rip from Jim [McCauley](https://twitter.com/jimmccauley/status/961234174509240322) . 

Seriously though when do we send the expedition to recover the car so we can bust Elon's ass?
Fake! It should be 3 hookers! The Tesla has actually 2 trunks + spaceman.
"But you said she was a call girl..."

"WHEN THEY'RE DEAD, THEY ARE JUST HOOKERS, CYRIL!!"
Please don’t give CSI any more stupid ideas
100 lbs huh.  That's a skinny hooker
[deleted]
"Elon,  we think we perfected our energy source! We can have people on mars in six months!"

"This whole Mars thing is kind of played out, don't you think?"


Screw that, that'd leave evidence. Better to just keep it orbiting like Russel's Teapot forever.

To check, somebody's gotta really want it.
Jokes on everyone: that thing is headed to the asteroid belt

https://news.sky.com/story/wrong-turn-dummy-elon-musks-tesla-roadster-heads-off-course-towards-asteroid-belt-11239916
dont u want it to not crash into mars though? cuz when he sends them random people to mars they can see his car and get the dead hooker out. just let it free fly into open space forever.
Elon a few seconds later: Oh shit my rug!
Payload cost is something like $3500-$4000 per kilo.  Expensive. 
Would be a great conspiracy, one day when the car is discovered on mars they find the remains of the hooker. Decades later.
wouldnt decompose tho ... right?
The dead hooker will be the first human on Mars though...Goodguy Steve? 
Don’t panic. 
Congratulations to Misty and Candy, the first humans to orbit Mars.
At this point I wouldn’t be surprised if it was David Bowie’s corpse. 
She wasn't dead when they launched. That Don't panic sign was for her.
I think it's hilarious that all this dead hooker talk has completely obfuscated the fact that he just executed the most viral car commercial ever known to man.

Like who the fuck is going to question the Tesla brand now that they've launched a car into space?
Lmao. Perfect crime indeed
Third one under the hood  
in parts  
which is why it missed its mars shot.....
She was alive when they launched it.
The third is chopped up in the frunk 
At this point, I'm ready to believe that the entire car is made up of body parts from dead hookers and Bondo.

At this point, I'm ready to believe this as reality..

-----
^^^this ^^^is ^^^is ^^^an ^^^experimental ^^^bot ^^^that ^^^utilizes ^^^markov ^^^chains ^^^to ^^^form ^^^sentences ^^^from ^^^context.

TIL James Bond is a hooker
Was she dead two days ago?
Plot twist: She was sedated.
Or just a gagged rival.

That trunk could fit at least 2 dead hookers and a dead midget if you fold her in right.  So 3 in the trunk and one in the space suit.  That rich bastard sure knows how to throw a hooker cocaine party. 
She wasn't dead when the engine started.
Jokes on you. That car has a front and a rear trunk. 
You know, I was wondering who or what was in that suit, and thought it'd be a great way to hide a corpse.
"Starman" is his safe word...
No, that's Mr Bond. See what happens if you save the monolog for after you set your plan into action. 


Hey, who turned out the lights!
No boobies on that suit. 
Anyone is a hooker when you're a billionaire 
You sure about that??

https://www.google.com.au/search?q=richard+branson+makeup&tbm=isch&source=iu&ictx=1&fir=V7jXYLeCVVBjCM%253A%252CmEkqUuX62F-OvM%252C_&usg=__1E9VwdTH6hj6dKYhrE0LrpXKmDc%3D&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwjP_OiT8ZbZAhVHfbwKHT9NBwwQ9QEIMTAD#imgrc=xi9bUdY-LHhmOM:
I shall fetch a rug.
He would probably offer the person who found it a free ride to space
He'll probably be dead by then, or supreme overlord; in either case it won't matter.
[deleted]
It was never planned to go to Mars, just Mars orbit. They just exceeded expectations and launched it even further.
Not sure why you're getting down voted. People must not realize that's what the front storage compartment is called in a Tesla. 
Seriously, this post is even shittier than the average for this subreddit. What gives? 
Dead hookers are timeless. Lighten up Francis. 
> le current year

Sometimes vintage is just better, kid.
Woodchipper and a pig farm is still cheaper by orders of magnitude.
It's less insane than the plot of looper where apparently the only fool proof way to dispose of bodies is to send them back in time because for some reason burning up a body doesn't destroy evidence but burning up a body and then letting the ashes sit for a couple decades does.
Yeah but its not as funny (not that this is comedy gold) but why would thete be a dead body in a rocket ? Atleast with a car its not an uncommon place for a body to be stashed. 
I mean, if anything, I would put the dead body below the thrusters. *People will expect* a dead body in the car, when it was atomized on liftoff the entire time.

Mwahahaha.... ha. 
There's no additional cost involved this time. It is a 100% test flight, all they do is test the rocket with a dummy payload, and all they have to do to stuff more meaningful things is to remove ballast (Falcon Heavy's payload is something like 15 tons to Mars, the car is only 1500 kg). Anywhere else, and it'd be a very expensive disposal. 
A lot of product companies missed an opportunity. 

Example: DJI could have launched their latest drone with that car. 
Which one?
I haven't seen so many dead hookers in all my life!
[deleted]
then you missed the VIX fountain one.
I feel like I must be missing some context for this post, cause I didn't find it remotely funny personally

Edit: Nope it's literally just a dead hooker joke..
- Said no one
Not if you used to be a hooker.
You must set the bar low. 
It's aliens
Ex-escort.

These jokes were used to be pretty funny honestly. They stopped after people I know were found dead in alleyways. No car trunks though.
Get out
i needed this so badly
It sends a message to all the other dead hookers out there though.
Efficient though
I just keep mine in the freezer.
Your grades in high school
If they're dead they're hookers
Hahahahahahaha, what a savage. Elon gets it.
She's not in the trunk; she's in the SUIT!
Outer Space is -275°C, it will be too cold for decomposition.

Heard about Ötsi? He was very well preserved because of the cold, but still rot because it wasn't cold enough. In space he would have been a human icecicle
It’s not all of the hooker 
100 pounds is a pretty good weight for a thirteen year old
I’m 105 and 5’4” so it’s not implausible, esp if the hooker is on drugs or something 
THERE'S NOTHING WRONG WITH MIDGET PORN OKAY?? GET OVER IT.
petite
Not really.  Especially not on meth.
Definitely not an American hooker. 
Or he took 100lbs of extra weight out of the car and it's an extremely large hooker
It’s just half a hooker 
She’s just a bit dehydrated 
you must be american. 100 lbs is an average weight for a healthy adult female. 
Aka, that’s a hooker.
I thought they were called escorts?
She only works for heroin money. 
I mean I agree my girlfriend could afford to put on a few pounds
Young girls are light. Light....
Maybe he's a pedo
A fit hooker as it seems.
The trunk of a Tesla roadster is about the size of a mini fridge. 
Or maybe Elon is a pedophile?
Mmmmmm meth
Honey, if you ain't getting skinny hookers you're not doing it right.
west coast crack whore
Obviously they're lighter once they've dried up a bit.
I weigh 101 and I'm a male non-hooker
I would love to see your autocorrect history. 

Can you please type "hooker" then accept every word tgat comes up? For science.
1,000 years from now the people of Mars will excavate the crash site of the first Tesla product to reach Mars and find evidence of the Inmortal  Emperor Musks's crime.
But what are those people gonna do? They’re going to spend their lives on Mars, relying on Musk’s Mars colony support to survive. 
Oh yes it will. Space, Mars. Either one it would eventually decompose from radiation or sandstorms. Just takes time. 
Steve who?
"we just gettin started nigga" - Elon Musk
she isn't (wasn't) dead (yet)
Does it com with a towel?
"Give me more governmemt subsidies!"


So that one wasn't dead?
If you guys see Elon tell him some guy named "Daddy" is lookin for these girls and it sounds like they owe him some money
Kandy, have some fucking respect man.
you mean first humans to be in an asteroid belt, they over shot mars...and they were never intending to Orbit Mars, but to be in Mars Orbit
Ground Control to Misty and Candy
I thought he threw Mercedes in the trunk?
Oh my God, that would be perfect.

Him and Elon had a special arrangement, and Bowie just didn't want all the publicity - but it is actually David Fucking Bowie orbiting the sun in a cherry red Tesla. 
wow thought I was in /r/nosleep
fucking lol'd, diabolical if true
I like how the comment you responded to has nothing to do with your comment. You just wanted to say something so you picked the first comment you could find rather than a relevant one. 
[The most viral car commercial is of course Back to the future series](http://i.imgur.com/289CdwJ.png)

> Like who the fuck is going to question the Tesla brand now that they've launched a car into space?

I'd have de-orbited it for the advert.

"The new 2018 Tesla Roadster, with 5-star NCAP rating.  It won't save you from orbital re-entry, but everything else should be good."
SpaceX launched a car into space, not Tesla. 
It didn't miss?
my ass this is a bot. Elon we know this is you
at least she wasn't panicking
it seems you and Elon think alike
double mastectomy 
Except other Billionaires
*Sigh*, not exactly the ideal way to join the Mile High Club, but it'll have to do...
Great! Now I'm down a rug! 
Are space launches the new helicopter ride?
...in a trunk...
He would offer them ride they could not refuse.

Edit: ffs!
Offer the person who found it ... in space ... a free ride to space.

No wonder we broke the fucking market, we're all retarded.
It's coming back in like 15 years, don't think it's enough time for either if those scenarios to fully play out. 
either way
Baaaaasically 
A very sad case study in pathetic humans...shoe nice is a post modern tragedy
De-nice
More probably they fucked up and have good PR
> just Mars orbit

Not even Mars orbit (which doesn't mean one thing specifically) but an orbit around the sun that intersects with the orbit that mars makes around the sun at some points in time (mars may or may not be there at those times though).
It’s hasn’t reached mars yet, it overshot the mars orbit. What Elon said on twitter confused a lot of people. It would take months to reach mars
Were they just trying to see how far they could throw it 
Because the Roadster doesn’t have a frunk?
Given the size, it's more like 1/4 a hooker.
Because even if a Tesla is cool, frunk is a downright stupid word. 
Yes but there is also a trunk 
Because anyone who uses the word "frunk" is gonna get slapped
OP: "Elon"

Reddit: http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/001/067/777/6f0.jpg
This sub is only funny when the market is down
Leaves too much evidence, it's why the flamethrower business was a bust. Gotta make those investigators work.
“Dead Hooker in Space” SE07 EP09
Lord knows I have..
I probably did. Link?
Elon Musk has been in the news lately for killing hookers.

The creator of this meme joked that in order to cover up his habitual homicides, he started a space program and sent a vehicle to Mars.
This is WSB after all
It's not funny because sex workers are seen as less than human to some so they actually end up dead. Yeah, these jokes were funny when I was 16. 


Ah. I'm sure you're quite likable in real life. 
There are also no bacteria or fungi in space as far as I know.
Elon kept her feet obviously
The human head weighs eight pounds
This is dark (i am in a trunk help me)
well, duh. The Roadster has a tiny trunk. 
She isn’t dead either...
Hooker minus the weight of teeth and fingertips 
[deleted]
Only Jesus can save us from this point on.
Oh no
Roman Polanski would pay for a ride in that Tesla.
TOO FAR...
Ey gurl
Plus dead bodies weigh less than their living counterpart, after a bit of time.
Your post history titles tell a sad story

https://www.reddit.com/r/PointlessStories/comments/7k5505/one_time_donald_trump_made_me_late_for_work

https://www.reddit.com/r/NoStupidQuestions/comments/7mgvfl/how_to_apply_for_unemployment_in_fl


https://www.reddit.com/r/PointlessStories/comments/7p8cpp/i_walked_out_of_a_job_within_10_minutes_today

I’ve heard heroin is very slimming 
Would a line like "Hey baby I got a convertible and a rocket, you want a ride?" work on you?  Asking for a friend. 
yeah idk what they're talking about.  every serious prostitute I've ever known was realllly skinny.  
Well, are you?!?
Gotta remove the Water weight 
Are you implying you like to party
I've heard you also walk around like a hooker 😂
Yeah, I was thinking he just tossed out the spare tire  
Left in the sun too long?
Who said having a dead hooker is a crime? Maybe she knew she was dying and asked Elon to launch her to Mars in a trunk.
He's just leaving some for necrophilic seconds 
The perfect crime. 
"I hope to inspire a new space race, so I can send moar ded hookerz into almost-finished Model 3s you niggas" - Elon "TezlaX" Musk
I'm black, and I laughed at this, because Elon definitely did some nigga shit with this one.
Quick, someone calculate how many hookers you can fit in the cargo hold of the falcon heavy.
-Wayne Gretzky
The third hooker was in the booster that blew up. It malfunctioned "on accident"
"get da water niga" -Mildly Concerned Alien 
Only mostly dead. 
No no, not "Daddy" - it's "Upgrayedd" (spelled with two D:s for a double dose of his pimpage), and he will do ANYTHING to get his money back...

Soon there will be a beefed up lowrider bouncing into orbit with a mad ass pimp screaming defiance behind the wheel!
Exactly how it would go down. 

Not publicity but legality more than anything. 
I choose to believe this as reality.
This is how reddit works.
I think it's hilarious that all this comment talk has completely obfuscated the fact that the Eagles just executed the Patriots in the Super Bowl.

Like who the fuck is going to question Big Dick Nick now that he embarassed the Patriots?
He's an ad. They are alive.
[deleted]
Yeah, it did. It’s not going to orbit Mars.
Especially other Billionaires*
I told you the cap comes off for like, no reason
Yes, the future is now 
I mean haven't you seen the people that commit suicide with two shots in the back of the head, annnnd bag themselves?
You mean American hero?
It was never planned to stay in Martian orbit though
Now the mars settlers won't be able to bring it back down and put it in the "Messiah's museum" :'(
Mars orbit is misleading a bit, but Mars orbit is a giant ellipse around the sun, not around Mars. There are many orbits around Mars, but only one "Mars orbit".
It was never going to Mars anyway, the planet is on the wrong side of the solar system. It's aphelion is around the asteroid belt.
This is correct. The Roadster is quite a bit different compared to the S, X and 3. Because it has some more "old school" cooling components in the front, and the batteries aren't fitted in the bottom of the car between the wheelbase like the other models, so they are somewhere between the backseats and the trunk.

Of course all of this will change with the new model coming in 2020.
Elon does strike me as the kind of guy who would hire midget hookers
It's a perfectly cromulent word.

(for real though, Toyota MR2 enthusiasts have used that term for a very long time now)
Roadster only has a trunk, no frunk.
https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/7vvth5/actual_footage_of_wsb_this_week/?ref=share&ref_source=link
No
Has he? I haven't noticed any and can't seem to find even a single article about it through google :/
Thats kind of my point. I used to be an escort. check out /r/askanescort
I am, i have 3 friends irl if you must know
Is that a Jojo reference
this fucking thread. lmao
My neighbors got 6 rabbits. What are you tryna say?
No this is Elon we are talking about. 
Haha, he can't save you now. 
this is r/wallstreetbets.  Jesus has no power here
smooth af
Eyy boi
3 oz.
How is this possible??
Thank you for the concern! I have a great full time job, I mentioned it at the end of the most recent pointless story :) life is good! 
I wouldn’t know 🤷🏻‍♀️
If you want to lose weight, take cocaine!
I’m taken so no! I’m sorry haha
The Mojave sun  will do that to you
[deleted]
Why didn't he send the semi on Falcon Heavy?
When is Elon's new album dropping?

Sounds hot.
username checks out
[deleted]
haaaaaaaan
Cracked out hookers? Let’s say they are all about 110 pounds of bad teeth and 5 pounds of disease on average.

I’d say about 1130 if we’re talking short tons.
Elon gives Upgrayedd a self-driving car, fully ~~upgraded~~ Upgrayedded as compensation instead. 

He is then locked into the car and driven onto the water-based recovery pad which is then pushed out into the ocean, and then the car drives off.

Elon announces water exploration tech. Retrieves the car, leaves the bones.
You see, a pimps love is much different than that of a square
I fucking love that movie.
The real question is why the Seahawks chose to pass it on the goal line when they had one of the best living running backs ready to rumble
It was never intended to orbit mars, that would require another burn 6 months from now. 
No Cyril, do not mention the Chekhov's gun!  That is a facile argument!
Looks like the suspect tied his arms and legs up, shot himself twice in the back of the head, then launched himself into space.

Open & shut case.
Correct. It was a test flight and they used up all fuel to see how far they would get with the last second stage booster.

Turns out they had overshot Mars orbit and goes to the asteroid belt.
>Mars orbit is a giant ellipse around the sun, not around Mars. There are many orbits around Mars, but only one "Mars orbit".

Okay, but it isn't going to "Mars Orbit", even under your clarified definition. If it was going to Mars orbit it would be orbiting the sun in the same path as Mars.

This is not the case. It is going to an orbit around the Sun that intersects with "Mars Orbit" but then also comes back and intersects with "Earth Orbit".

I've used quotes above because I still think your terminology is wrong as well. The correct terms ("Mars' Orbit" or "The Orbit of Mars") eliminate any confusion in this regard. 

I wouldn't use the term "Mars Orbit" at all since it is not clear which it refers to.
Elon doesn't strike me as the kind of guy who would be squeemish about a bit of blood.
With all the money he has, he probably even could hire actual chil-                    
ean mountain midget hookers.
It's only a frunk if it's paired with a reunk or a baunk...and it's not. It's a trunk, which is not the same thing as smashing two words together poorly. 
Fuck you
pls
Oh my sweet summer child.
i believed him for a second too buddy dont worry
You lost two fingers on your right hand? 
That would be hands. 
It'd be a Jojo reference if the hooker "stopped thinking"
36

K A R S 

O N 

M A R S
Nani?
Sounds more like Quentin Tarantino
Everything is a Jojo reference.
What isn’t a Jojo reference
okay okay, twelve year old. 
Maybe /r/wallstreetbets could use some Jesus.
You need to eat more food
We have spooky ghosts inside of us and they weigh a little bit
Losing water like a piece of ham you left on the counter.
All the shit you were full of escapes your body to find a better host
Me neither.  Just heard it’s good for super models and depressed women who want to escape reality like Melania Trump 
No wonder he got a hooker. LOL
I still think that was the ***True*** final solution. Invent a rocket to just shoot jews into space.
Everyone talks about von Braun, but people don't remember [Goddard](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_H._Goddard)
>as a Jew 
 
Jew detected. 
> the attacks from V2s resulted in the deaths of an estimated 9,000 civilians and military personnel

I did not know that this kind of long-range ballistic missile warfare was going on in WW2.
[Wernher von Braun](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QEJ9HrZq7Ro)
Wernher von Braun is such an interesting figure. He made gruesome compromises of his own morality to push rocketry forward under Nazi Germany... But then he built the Saturn V that took humans to the Moon.

Do you get to have one without the other? If he hadn't done that, or if he'd protested and been killed, how much would his absence have delayed the moon landing?
Was HANNIN 
Ejecto seat cuz
Wouldn’t it be awesome if they tell us “we didn’t plan for that”, only for the cameras to come live again in six months as they burn fuel they had all along to get into an orbit around Mars?
I literally just came here to see how long it would be before someone made an Archer reference. Not disappointed. 
And woefully esoteric. 
I mean, the car isn't *Midget Hooker Blood Red*™ for nothing.
He was hungry for hands, give him a break!
[removed]
So that's what happened to the last Pillar Man!
This isn't Roy Moore we're talking about. 
There we go. Now we are getting the truth. 
Couldn't find ticker for $JESUS. Help
Sorta relevant (And also total unscientific bullshit) is [The 21 Grams Experiment](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/21_grams_experiment)
But then what would you do about the hyper advanced space-Jews you've just created? 
Holy shit. Imagine if Hitler decided to really put effort into space travel as a front for sending holocaust victims into space to their death. It took a while for the rest of the world to realize the brutality of the concentration camps. So once we figured out that he sent millions of people to a space graveyard, what would become of space travel after? Would we be so ashamed as a species that no one would want to even touch the subject, or would other malicious rulers use Hitler’s advancements to do the same thing? Or would we quickly overcome the atrocity and dedicate our own advancements to the victims?

I’m way too stoned right now.
[It's been done](https://youtu.be/qdjEPqWjTeU?t=10s)
imagine the savings if you could just fire them right into the sun, German efficiency never ceases to amaze
What are you smoking? The [NASA Goddard Space Flight Center](https://c1.staticflickr.com/6/5640/22170531366_29f612131f_b.jpg) is massive!
Non-Mobile link: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_H._Goddard
***
^HelperBot ^v1.1 ^/r/HelperBot_ ^I ^am ^a ^bot. ^Please ^message ^/u/swim1929 ^with ^any ^feedback ^and/or ^hate. ^Counter: ^146627
Goddam Jews hoarding all the upvotes.
seato*
I read "literally" in Cheryl's voice
Why do you keep doing these things Carl?!
Kira-Os, the breakfast of the champions (at living their murderous lives in tranquility). Full of marshmallows shaped like hands, tiny tanks, skull faces and- KILLER QUEEN ALREADY TOUCHED THAT CEREAL BOX!!
The dude from Jojo keeps the hands, in case you don’t know the reference. 
Say what you want about Roy Moore, at least he drives slow through school zones. 
... Eleven?
The guy said it had to be repeated to verify its accuracy and he also stated he was unsure of his own results. He properly only published the results so others could test it for themselves. So I’d say it’s pretty scientific imo.
Have them invest my money.
You're a fucking mong. Space jews have been around longer than time itself. They predate the universe and only created it to put central banking on worlds to collect their shekels, jesus christ
Jews in space
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=n2RdSS4o88A
Wasn't that the end of History of the World Part 1?
Yeah, I’d say so . . . username checks out tho.
Go post that to r/writingprompts

And happy cake day!
You’re not my supervisor! 
Because Carl’s Jr. gets stiff when impalement happens 25 < feet from him
You gotta hand it to him, that's a pretty neat kink. 
Aaay...
No she’d kill him
100 pounds plus an Eggo waffle. 
They could run space Hollywood as well.
Oy, why are you trying to lift the goy veil?
One does not simply kinkshame David Bowie
[removed]
Simple. [Jewish Physics](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deutsche_Physik)
Now they got me searching Jeff Besos Nudes on google.
https://youtu.be/Z8XyBjfC6Ng
I have Alexa’s across my house, I’m afraid If I talk shit she’ll take over all my smart appliances and turn me in to papa bezos for reprogramming.
If you created this and posted to wsb instead of dankmemes, you are a true autist
Im really hoping this whole fiasco ends with his nudes plastered all over my socials
[Never heard this one before, doubt it made it to the front page](https://www.reddit.com/r/jokes/comments/aobbdp) 😒
Jeff Who?
I hope he buys the shitty company and shuts the doors permanently. 

Honey let's fake a divorce like the CEO from Enron, therefore I'm forced to sell my stock before the market crash, wont suffer losses and most importantly wont go to jail for fraud! 
Bezos could play Lex Luthor in the next Marvel or DC movie.
High quality shitposts is why I keep coming back to this sub
His left eye seems surprised but his right eye is saying "nah it's all good"
Alexa, what's wrong with bezo's eyes?
Hello future visitors who are seeing this on the front page 👋🏼 
How can you send anything to your secret admirer. They are *secret*. You don't know who they are.
I bet his dick is 4 feet long.  
Did you give credit to the OP who posted that on /r/Jokes when the story broke? Nope. Dick. 
Quality post
Oooooh boy Jeff Bozo really did it this time!!
-_O
top notch
I was waiting for Bezos posts on here. Was not disappointed.
Hmm, when is Alexa going to have it's own body for science?
Damn this is awesome 
This is really funny..... 
LOL!
Nice propaganda you’ve got there.
Hoisted by his petard 
LOL he has that one Leroy bug eye.
Why do I see Kevin Spacey?
haha Bezos is Gayzos.
Can’t imagine what his nudes look like and why Bezos is taking nude photos anyways? #bruhmoment
AHHH HAHAHAHAHAHAHA. I have no fucking clue what why this is suppose to be funny. AHHH HAHAHAHAHAA
LOL, as if Jeff Bezos would allow an invasion of his own privacy by using his own product.
How would he know their phone number if they're his secret admirer?
Nani?
MFW I thought alexia was supposed to keep my information private...
Put this in r/dankmemes 
LMFAO but seriously Check out the analysis on this topic tho [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3JuhUTjDVMc](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3JuhUTjDVMc)
Fucking Gold! Hahaha.
r/boneappletea
This is exactly why Reddit CC's are the GOAT of social media.
Lol. Perfect.
Sometimes it just really do be like that 
The sad feeling when your robot is not your admirer.
haha his eyeball
I spit out my drink laughing at this and now everyone is staring at me
“Alexa, send nudes to my secret admirer”

“Sending”

*your mom’s phone rings*
Bezos has hired top LA private eye to investigate how you got his Alexa logs
Meme of the year, creativity level 100, also pretty funny...
stahp
This is blatantly, ridiculously, unapologetically false. I am appalled at the idea Jeff Bezos would say something like this. 

Obviously he'd say:

>"Okay Google"
Just cover bezos' face with your finger to see what his dick would look like. Theoretically.
How would Alexa know who his secret admirer was? 
LET'S SEE THE PENIS
There's a joke somewhere about Jeff's secret admirer being the national enquire but I don't know how to make it
LOL THE TRUTH!
Was a lot funnier first 3 times I heard it.
This is the best meme I've seen all year.
THIS IS WSB. Thank you mods for bringing back the true spirit of this sub
This is why you should send fakes instead. Then the leaks are at least flattering.
If I had gold to give, I would!
r/comedycemetery
MY HORSE KEEPS DYING! | Red Dead Redemption 2 | Part #5 https://youtu.be/0Wd-_95qWhs
I'll save everyone some time and present Jeff's dick pic, in all its glory. [Here it is](https://i.imgur.com/6CvTwxd.jpg)

EDIT: I really appreciate my first gold- thanks! 
Any luck?
You can find them by searching “Lavon Affair” on Google. 
Long Amadong

&#x200B;
I'm wondering how it got from "digger digger" to porn
technology makes our lives Better™
“No, nonononoNO!”

Why do people care so much lol
Alexa:  " Sending folder 'nudes with anal beads' to your parents"
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0104433/
OP may or may not have created the image, but the joke isn’t original. See this comment:

https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/apm2f2/the_true_story/eg9j5ij/
Me too. Also because National Enquirer will get sued and go bankrupt like Gawker. It’s a win-win. 
same
Yeah but I need visual aids. 
Boy, get ready for *years* of this being reposted.
I like ops version better tbh 
Mods should flair the poster shameless karma whore...
I've never reposted but why do people get so triggered over reposts
Bezos. It's Amazonian.
Billionaire money fight
SpaceX truly is master race
Lex Luther 
But he already owns Amazon
This would be a twist! 
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ptosis_(eyelid)
His dick is tiny, but is comes in a massive box.  
literally ripped straight from r/jokes
Memes against western democracy?
no
Interesting. You never expect it to be curved
Risky click of the day but worth it.
Risky click of the day

Edit: Damn thing looks like a banana. Wow Bezos 👅 
Was waiting for the Manningface
[For those curious here's his actual dick pic](http://imgur.com/gallery/R390EId)
i loled so hard
I'm more worried about why I clicked it. What's wrong with me. 
I wish I could see the click through rate on this
I am concerned by the number of people who clicked and did not upvote the comment.
Was not disappointed 
It's so... orange 😨
You funny son of a bitch.
He'll take you from a to z.
Hahahahahahaha awesome! 
If you clicked the link, you're gay.
Don't bother clicking, it's just the bottom swoosh of the Amazon logo.
Was expecting Tom Brady
There are only rumors of Nudes, sadly. Allegedly sent.
We all know how Alexa got there.
dicker dicker
“Twinkle twinkle” is what he’s trying to say
From what I heard it happened because the person uploading the song just put like a 100 random keywords in the title. Just like people do on their websites, and tags on youtube, it's to try and get more search hits. That's why it's such a random long list of things.
Watch the hard r, buddy
PUSSYANALDILDO RINGTONES
bc this kid was about to get 10 years of sexual education in like 8 seconds. even if he didnt know what it meant those little fuckers repeat *everything*
"Karen,  please quit talking shit about me or I swear to god I will delete your important work doc due tomorrow"
Aids in your eyes?  
I don’t even know why they make books without pictures 
my friend was diagnosed with financial AIDS. RIP
You have aids? 
cuz they already reddit
So no one's gonna answer my question just downvote?
Amazonian?

*deepthroats cigar*
Alexa, shut up
And very quickly
{insert peyronie’s disease commercial} 
You see those warriors from Hammerfell? They've got curved swords. Curved. Swords.
Or that pointy
So, so worth it
Risk vs reward of seeing a billionaire's dick.
BAEzos , that mf hung 😤😫🤤
To anyone thinking about clicking this it is NOT Manning.
No, not like this. We say "manningface."
I thought for sure that would be Peyton Manning
Fuck you
What is the story behind this pic? 
Well I don't know what I expected, it's just a picture of some dick.
Yeah, there it is. That's what I was expecting in the first place.
Love you dude
YES just like a cheap horror flick! You have the tension setup, then the harmless tension break, and then BOOM! JUMP SCARE.
Come on I wanted the Manning pic, Bezos cock does nothing for me 
Don't bother clicking, it's just the stupid Peyton Manning face
Bahahaha. I knew it!
I don’t know what I was expecting. 
> HAHAA I POSTED IT AGAIN GUYS
I wanna see that billionaire, big-daddy Bezos dick and I am not ashamed. Big or small, his dick is massive. With that much money and power, a pencil dick would still be intimidating.
Username checks out
No, there's another video explaining that digger digger is a song from a chidren's book that the dad reads to the kid a lot.


HO HO HO HO HO 
Yeah, haven’t you had your eyes fucked before? 

[Goatse.cx](Goatse.cx) is aids for the eyes. 

Warning: if you’ve never been there before, DO NOT visit.
But I have special eyes!
Aidan in your eyes?
This guy geddit
Gotta love getting downvoted for asking a question instead of someone answering
That's what she said.
*Curved.. For your own pleasure.*
Do you get to the cloud district very often? Oh what am I saying, of course you don’t. 
I was shocked tbh
You son of a bitch. I knew what you were doing but I still had a shred of belief that maybe you weren’t. 
You’re the reason why I clicked fucker lol
I thought it was gonna be Nixon 
It is Peyton... Don't fall for it
Well... What is it? I'm certainly not clicking it. 
its a picture of Peyton Manning. Its also the only image that seems to get higher in quality everytime it gets reposted. 
Basically the /r/NFL version of Rick Rolling that spread to most corners of the site over time.
[deleted]
I love you both
Don't bother reading, just a tired old cliche
No thanks, that link is staying ~~blue~~ *fucked up and not even working*.
What is so bad about it?
fucking normie posting an actual warning 
Welcome to WSB. 
On a scale from 1 to 10, how many chromosomes do you have?
that's not how it works
Ergonomic curve built for high speed crotch slaughter without the wrist fatigue
Another wanderer, here to lick my fathers boots.  Good job.
Nazeem knew about cloud computing 
But you couldn’t  help yourself could you.  You just wanna see what billion dollar dick looks like.  I just wanna see what technique he went with
*Woah!* It's your **1st Cakeday** brownbluegrey! ^(hug)
Happy cake day ;)
[deleted]
Just click it. It's not NSFL
It's just some picture of a dude with a half mask on? No NSFW
He's wondering why Manning, an adult man, is apparently incapable of putting on one of the simplest garments ever invented.  

What is the context? Are there mitigating circumstances? Is it a joke? Did he just have a concussion, or a mini stroke? Or is the man just unfathomably stupid.   

That's what he's wondering. 
It started on r/nfl 
Yea but r/sports is the most normie sub reddit has
Hmmm...comment history also checks out- 8/10 for consistency 
It's just a dude spreading open his own anus. 
Le chaos reigns XD
Go back to your safe space.
Thought this was gonna be a Rick Roll ngl.
Not like there is much to look at anyway. 
He cut out holes in his balaclava for talking and listening. If anyone has ever worn a balaclava it muffles sound, seeing as you have a piece of elastic cloth over your mouth and ears. He has to shout plays and listen to coaches via helmet walkie talkies. It's really not that strange... 
I - I don’t understand this response 
Username checks out.
You aren’t *krazy* so you don’t know about safe spaces!
I don't have a safe space anymore since I got crabs from your moms pussy.
Ohhhh I thought it was underwear he couldn't put on right, or as a joke to troll people.
The fourth woman took the $5000 and invested in stock options, losing all of the money. She said to the man "Fuck TSLA"
The bigger question is why is he marrying when the dude is rolling in pussy? Three chicks and at least 1 have big tits? Why the fuck would you marry!?
FW:FW:FW:FW:FW:FW:
Is this subreddit turning into r/emailsfrommyuncle now?
This is essentially one of Jesus' parables
The fourth girlfriend invested in FDs and made a mill but dumped his sorry ass because she realized she was a fag
I was expecting the third girl to take his 5000 dollars and invest it in a vanguard index fund, and upon making $150 monthly contributions for 35 years expect to see her investment grow at average market returns to a quarter million dollars. But alas I am not in /r/personalfinance.
Save the $15,000 and avoid 3 times as many headaches. Marry your hand.
$5k would buy a set of tits.
I lost my glasses. Will someone please tell me what this says? 
Replace tits with tendies for me...but, to each is own.
What did she invest in to double her money so fast?
kill one, marry one, fuck one. go
BITCONNEEEEEEEEEEEEECTTTTTTT
iPad, golf clubs and 80 inch tv for 5k? How?

She was the one with the big tits wasn’t she.
Please help a muslim out; why can’t you marry all three?
Could still be the last girl
lol my strategy was to find the best looking nerdy girl and win her over when we were young. Now she's successful and I'm a schmuck. 
[deleted]
solid dd
Fourth GF went all in on TITCONNNECT! 
Replace biggest tits with cutest feets and that would be me.
r/gohomegrandpa
How the hell did this get 23k upvotes?
"And that, my friends, is why there are so few women in finance. Because men are patronizing shitheads."

This is not a conclusion I expect this sub to take well. That's fine. I know guys are super-sensitive to criticism. :(
So sad can we get a million likes
Hahaha my grandma told me this joke when I was a kid.  She's awesome!
Is this from a Donald Trump biography?
Facebook but it’s on reddit 
/r/comedycemetary

/r/forwardsfromgrandma
https://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/4sqgi6/a_man_had_three_beautiful_girlfriends_but_didnt/
https://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/2f484u/there_was_a_man_who_had_3_girlfriends_but_he/  
What came first, chicken or the egg.
The third woman re-invested her extra-budget and she tripled her investment, then she went for a breast operation to boost her tits. And finally the man married the 3rd woman.

This sounded like a biblical parable for a second there haha
And never did he stop dating the other two...
I don’t know big tits depreciate, big butts are recession proof.....
He's still a kid.

You should marry the one with the best hips-to-waist ratio.
No truer words ever spoken. Huge boobs FTW.
#YOTO
What's this from lol?
The fifth woman used the 5k to pay her student loans
I like tits, but I'm not a fan of huge tits. 
This sounds like a joke that was around 200 years ago but slightly modified. 
He too supreme
solid dd, so long big tits?
Meanwhile it was a push-up bra. 
I have seen this so many times that I’m an expert now. Just read the last paragraph, that’s all there is to the joke.
Doubling 5k on the stock market would take some reckless riskiness 
Long and hard
This guy... Well, you know
https://youtu.be/uwAOc4g3K-g?t=229
The fourth girlfriend invested in a boobjob. 
EZ win.
r/Unexpected
Understandable. 
What if the make over included fake tits? She was the one.
Who is this playa that has not 1 not 2 but 3 girlfriends AND has $15k to throw around for sh*ts and giggles?
Read this to wife.  Flipped her pony tail and left the room.
Plato and a platapus walk into a bar. That's the name of this book.
So what your saying is long $TITS 
PLOT TWIST
Brilliant. What's the book. How do none of you fuckers ask that? Just a bunch of stupid fucking jokes. God damn I hate it here.
Aaaaaaand everyone at the coffee shop just heard me bust out in laughter. Kudos. 
Is this from Norm's book? I have only started reading it. This is amazing. Doesn't sound like Norm though. Nevertheless thank you.
Thelegend27
Implying anyone on this subreddit has any money left after $MU 
Got dam it 
Small tits FTW though, just sayin'. 
LOL
10 years later, the man was divorced after sending a FB message to the one with the smallest tits, complaining about how his current wife's nipples scraped the ground.
Haha.
Girls girls girls girls girls I do adore
Made me day. 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
r/unexpected 
r/wholesome 
I think I know the first girl from the story 
Accurate.
Seems about right
True story. 
What a player.
Wow how relatable.
Tits are the ultimate meme stock.
Exactly what Bobby B would have done. Smart man.
To be fair though all three have shown their love to the man in their own way, basically passing the test given to them. So essentially it did boil down to something else like looks.
I would have done the exact same thing. 
Just buy some land in Utah and marry all three
Sounds about right
He's a loser for only marrying one of them.
gay version, is the biggest dick. 
This joke lacks its punch line -
"Because the men, when it comes to love, don't care about the money :)"
Take this to /all
🤣😂
Lmao
Upon learning the news he was upset and, instantly, his smiled shifted to an uncontrollable sob. The incoherent speech soon faded and he cleared his throat before speaking. "I didn't ever before believe in true love... but I do now." He then took to one knee and placed her hand gently into his, as her reaction became increasingly joyous. He pulled out a first class package from his back pocket, fumbled around for 5 minutes trying to open it, then removed an odd looking ring from small plastic dime bag. "I hope it's your size, I got a great deal on Amazon" he said as he placed the odd smelling chinese ring on her finger. 
After selling his shares in anger, the company released a string of disastrous and dire news and went up 20% for no reason 
The fourth woman took the $5,000 and got breast enhancements.
*shorts TSLA once*

*dies*
>  TSLA

as someone who owns a good amount of stock in said company.... you are so correct my fidelity account is crying. 
By "the man" do you mean the government or Elon Musk?
Me
It's an awesome car though.
I’d have a threesome with the two hot ones while sending the financially savvy one or to make money for us to enjoy
why buy milk when the cow has 3 pussies 
I can't tell if this is a joke or not but sometimes staying with one chick feels a lot better psychologically than many chicks
It's for the tax benefits. You lose money by being single.
Yo after you have had sex with one or more 10s and completed most of your sexual bucket list, sex becomes less of a big deal. Love is a ton of hard work, but if it works out a lot more meaningful
> Three chicks and at least 1 have big tits?

Just bigger than the others. Could be 2 A cups and 1 B.

For the procreation of the species. He can't help it. Nature rides everyone. The vast majority cannot help it
Need someone to hold your cash when you go to jail for insider trading
Why buy a cow when milk is so cheap
He's getting bold
Maybe two A's and one B (cups).
Always take your profits.. you may just wind up with no chicks.
amirite?
Clearly haven’t been to other countries where polygamy is the norm
I’d become a Mormon and then marry. 
Exactly. This is so unrealistic.
Why buy the cow when you can get the milk for free
Exactly!
$15,000 is a lot of money that he could be spending on prostitutes. 
You need to settle down sometime and he wants to start a family. Maybe he still has side hoes
Because that's how life and emotions go. For reference, see every rockstar ever.
This guy fucks.
This sub is turning into a less funny version of those hack-y fi-nance instagram pages. We need more loss posts and less memes about being rich. 
If r/emailsfrommyuncle becomes a thing, I have some gold to submit. Sadly I suspect everything there will be a repost. 
I think that's why it made me laugh so hard. I didn't think such a tired joke would pop on this sub, especially as a screenshot from a shitty book.
Fuck, marry, get self killed?


Parable of the Talents

Matthew 25:14-30
The master flew into a rage - "You're squandered your titties" and so it was written.
Who?
Ya the guy with three gfs, what a total fag sucking so many tities
You realized that getting laid once a day by someone paid to go away probably costs less than $15k/month, right?
Why, he spent $15k and got back $10k, a hotter gf, and a bunch of iPads. Seems like a good deal
I figured that was the reinvestment of woman 3
A man had three beautiful girlfriends but didn't know which one to marry. As a test, he decided to give each woman $5,000 to see how they would spend it.

The first girlfriend went out and got herself a complete makeover. She told him, "I spend the money so I could look pretty for you because I love you so much."

The second went shopping and bought the man new golf clubs, an iPad and an 80-inch flatscreen television. She said, "I bought these gifts for you because I love you so much."

The third woman took the $5,000 and invested it in the stock market, doubled her investment, returned $5,000 to the man and reinvested the rest. She said, "I am investing the rest of the money for our future because I love you so much."

The man thought long and hard about how each of his girlfriends had spent the money, and then he decided to marry the one with the biggest tits.


did u pawn them to afford another MU option
A m a n h a d t h r e e b e a u t i f u l g i r l f r i e d i d n ' t k n o w w h i c h o n e t o m a r r y . A s a t e s d e c i d e d t o g i v e e a c h w o m a n $ 5 , 0 0 0 t o t h e y w o u l d s p e n d i t . 
T h e f i r s t g i r l f r i e n d w e n t o u t a n d g o t h e r s e l f a c o m p l e t e m a k e o v e r . S h e t o l d h i m , " I s p e n t t h e m o n e y s o I c o u l d l o o k p r e t t y f o r y o u b e c a u s e I l o v e y o u s o m u c h . " 
T h e s e c o n d w e n t s h o p p i n g a n d b o u g h t t h e m a n n e w g o l f c l u b s , a n i P a d a n d a n 8 0 - i n c h f l a t s c r e e n t e l e v i s i o n . S h e s a i d , " I b o u g h t t h e s e g i f t s f o r y o u b e c a u s e I l o v e y o u s o m u c h . " 
T h e t h i r d w o m a n t o o k t h e $ 5 , 0 0 0 a n d i n v e s t e d i t i n t h e s t o c k m a r k e t , d o u b l e d h e r i n v e s t m e n t , r e t u r n e d $ 5 , 0 0 0 t o t h e m a n a n d r e i n v e s t e d t h e r e s t . S h e s a i d , " I a m i n v e s t i n g t h e r e s t o f t h e m o n e y f o r o u r f u t u r e b e c a u s e I l o v e y o u s o m u c h . " 
T h e m a n t h o u g h t l o n g a n d h a r d a b o u t h o w e a c h o f h i s g i r l f r i e n d s h a d s p e n t t h e m o n e y a n d t h e n h e d e c i d e d t o m a r r y t h e o n e w i l t h e b i g g e s t t i t s .
I see you are also a man of culture.
Hunny mussy
Tendies ?
Bitconneeeeeeect
Asking the real questions.
$MU
Marry the one with the biggest tits weren't you paying attention
Merry the financially responsible, fuck the physically attractive, and kill the dumb Apple fan girl. This is da wae to a good life
Depending on the fringe religion, marry both?
CARLITOS MATOS
Because their tits aren't all the same size... jesus.
Cuz why do that when gay sex is so much more fulfilling 
Maybe because they’re shallow reasons for multiple wives; main reasons should be because your current wife can’t have kids and you’d like to start a family; another is the woman is widowed or single with kids and you could marry to help the kids; or your current wife cannot perform basic duties and another wife is needed.  Ideally multiple wives is a means to help society.  Think about how many struggling single mothers there are out there that could be helped if they were adopted into a stable family / couple..
Allah be with you brother.
Who could have ever seen that one coming 
An ass can be made by running and squatting, unless you are paying for fake tits then you get what you get. Always choose tits, asses can be upgraded naturally.
Replace biggest tits with biggest biceps in my case. I loves me the female bodybuilder type. :)
Wise man.
Steph is that you?
I'm afraid of carpet
Omg did you see fucking Tiffany. She is investing in $SPOT. She is so stupid that is going to be shorted soon.

Um I think she is up!? 

Well I don't care she has a big head and ugly feet.
[Mine's even older.](https://www.reddit.com/r/MeanJokes/comments/1ekghs/new_board_member/)
Well, being out of debt is one thing...

...not having a degree is another.
Nah 5000 dollar make over
Big tits means she’s gonna git fat. Bad long position.
True.
power bottom
/r/woooosh
Chinese synthetic diamond ring!
[beautiful](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/001/054/367/433.jpg)
The average person doesn't give a damn what the stock market says about a company. They see a product they want and buy it. Or put 1000 dollars down to wait 2 years for a beta product. 

But hey, I'm one of those idiots now :P go Tesla!
I'm ending my Reddit day on this high note. Gotta a good chuckle. Thanks!
Where did you get this from lol I want to read the book
And the fifth one took $130k after his attorney arranged an NDA while he was married to the one with the big tits
Is TSLA really the type of investment you watch in the short term? IMO TSLA is the type you invest in and then forget. Solar, batteries, EVs, self-driving technology...etc is all stuff that is going to blow up in the long term. 

Short it's going to be a struggle pulling everything off but if they're able to put it all together this stock has the potential to be massive.
Tsla is up 6x over the past 5 years.   Is this /r/daytrading ?
Both. Elon Musk became the First Emperor of Mars in 2060
Judging by my luck trading stocks, a 3-some would happen and I wouldn’t even be invited!
Who said the savvy one wasn't the hot one? 
You wouldn't have sex with any of them because you're a faggot OP, did you forget
I like how you assume the savvy one isn’t hot, whereas one literally *needed* a makeover to be presentable. 
what if the financially savvy one is the one with the big tits?
The real LPT 
too bad you’re dying a virgin then i guess
This man is a practical realist.  He deserves money.
Why use lot word when few word do trick?
Found him
Everyone is different. There are couples in happy open relationships, there are dudes that are truly happy being single and a bachelor, there are dudes that want to marry their the one girl they're going to lose their virginity to and never look back. 
[deleted]
LMAO

Yeah until the messy divorce where you lose anything you got from those tax benefits * 100
So sex will never be less of a big deal for me, got it. 
Does this work the same for 10 1s?
ha, gaaaaaaaay
So why not love all three women?  You continue to think small my friend.  Check in to polyamory.

What's the conversion rate?
And destroying a kid's education fund on a YOLO just isn't the same without an actual kid around.
You don’t need to settle down at all. 

Well maybe if you’re a loser.
There’s only so much someone could lose before having no more money to invest
*fewer
r/forwardsfromgrandma
Land owner gives money to 3 servants. One invests, one spends it, one hides it. It's told in the same pattern as OP
Boi, did you comment on a 3month old post
Reading is hard.
SHE. She realized SHE was a fag. Between this and your 10k figure I'm starting to think you really belong on this sub. Teach me your ways
Your reading comprehension fits in well here you retarded son of a bitch
And the other party is an expert professional, not some disinterested noob.
can't go bareback with the professional.
Can you count how many chromosomes you have? Based on your reading comprehension, I believe the number is "potato". 
Plus he doesn't even have to marry any of them. And, those were gifts, so he can cash them out if he wants.
I lost my glasses. Will someone please tell me what this says? 
What
Give me, give me, chicken tendies

Be they crispy, or from Wendy's

Spend my hard-earned good boy points

On Kid's Meal ball pit burger joints

Mommy lifts me to the car

To find me tendies near and far

Enjoy my tasty tendie treats

In comfy big boy booster seats

McDonald's, Hardee's, Popeye's, Cane's

But of my tendies none remains

She tries to make me take a nappy

But sleeping doesn't make me happy

Tendies are the only food

That puts me in the napping mood

I'll scream, I'll shout, I'll make a fuss

I'll scratch, I'll bite, I'll even cuss!

Tendies are my heart's desire

Fueled by raging, hungry fire

Mommy sobs, and wails, and cries

But tears aren't tendies, nugs or fries

My good boy points were fairly earned

To buy the tendies that I've yearned

But there's no tendies on my plate

Did mommy think that I'd just ate?!

Tendies, tendies, get them now!

You fat, ungrateful, sluggish sow!

REEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!

I screech while hurling into her eyes

My foul-smell bowel-dwelling diaper surprise

For she who is unpooped on is she who remembers:

Never forget my chicken tenders
get yourself some chicken tendies, and some goddamn manners while you're at it
[Sad.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=suwsR6fXU_M)
Fake news, i have 4/20 MU calls ^^^^^im ^^^^^a ^^^^^faggot
Ok, but who do we kill? 
what if one of them bought fake tits?
No, you dumbass.  You fuck the one with the biggest tits.
merry christmas ya filthy animal
this guy fucks
You said it, man.
Shukriya
Agreed. Thats why we marry lesbians...
Thx
I don't put huge tits on that high of a pedestal. Shape and nipple however are very important. Size doesn't matter if shape is saggy or the nipple is fubar.
YOU WON'T BELIEVE these three early warning signs of being gay. /s
So you want a dude but also want to be able to say to your friends “its not gay if she still has a vag”
Nope. You know a Steph?
Rug burn is no joke
Indeed. I think there are many variations of this joke but I was looking at word for word. I wonder if this variation was published or posted first.
faggot 
Nah, I dunno why I get downvoted. I knew the joke earlier and it just had that last line i wrote. It doesn't change the sense of the joke at all.
Still cheaper than real ones, with no loss in quality...
make tsla go back up pls
How to Win Friends and Influence People
Agreed. For me, TSLA is a 10 year investment, minimum. If we could predict the peaks and troughs along the way we would all be billionaire's as we ratchet our investments, buying in the troughs and selling at the peaks. I lack the skill or the inclination to do this. My own turgid strategy is to buy a chunk and wait patiently, with money I can lose without becoming suicidal. 
TSLA's going to drive itself into the future whereas current automakers will drive themselves into the ground
I had a threesome once; had a couple no shows but still had fun.
Your timing would be the problem.
Or a 3 some with all dudes 
More luck whe  you walk into the room after girlfriend promises you a threesome and theres two large gay men and your girlfriend is holding the camera. 
Doesn't this happen, like, everyday? 
Everyone thinks they have bad luck. You probably just suck at trading.
Jnugger please.
Why must you bully him? He’s a gentle spirit, that’s all
Like finding a needle in a needle stack 
[deleted]
Modern masculinity is really confusing. Do we need to find you poor boys a war to fight in? You start fussing over the dumbest things when you don't have anybody to shoot.
Fallacy of Appeal to Nature.
He literally admitted that fucking fewer vaginas makes him feel better...
Unless your wife makes more than you.
I can live off half of what I make.  My wife couldn't. I'd have more money if I got divorced.  
Yeah but at least you’ll be broke soon.
you can turn off the light
Nope, been there done that
yes but only at same time because math
I don’t know. I’m in Canada. 
??? But then why not have children with all three?
You’re a loser if you avoid growing up by running  around all your life
Spoken like a coward.
sweet another political sub to get the liberals rocks off
But actually amusing
what happened to the one with the biggest tits?
Oh that one yes
Yeah I was reading this and I was like "I heard this in Sunday School"
i guess
Judging from his other replies, op is seriously deficient in basic numeracy as well.
what is education

IKR calling people fags smh; dude can’t even spell titties right. Seems a little suspicious if you ask me.
I mean you can you just probably shouldn't 
Sure you can; you've just got to have enough money.

Trump proved that.
Sure you can. They’re far cleaner than your partner or the average person since they’re regularly tested. It’s you who’s more likely to be unclean.
He is truly in his natural habitat here.
It's not clear to me if Dan Quayle or Weird Al are responsible for "potato".
Actually, potatoes have 48 chromosomes while humans have only 46.
What are you talking about. The financially savy one returned $5k from the original $5k investment, leaving him a total of $10k. The other two spent the money but one got hotter and the other one has iPads and shit
I lost my glasses. Will someone please tell me what this says?


Did not expect this. Well done mate. 
What happened to the other 16
Well that all depends on which one has the second biggest tits

This really isn't that difficult
The girl who made money. Less competition.
Obviously the one who spent the money on shit for you. 
Yourself.

Sorry,

Ourselves. 
Hey, did you know that Aardvarks live in many different types of habitats, such as grasslands, savannas, rainforests, woodlands and thickets throughout Africa in the areas south of the Sahara u/DonaldJTrump45th ?  
 Type **animal** on any subreddit for your own aardvark fact 
 >I am currently a work in progress and am learning more about aardvarks everyday.  
 >**I am contemplating expanding to all animal facts. Upvote if you'd like me to evolve to my next form**  
 Sometimes I go offline or Donald Trump takes me offline. Be patient.
*this guy fucks, marries, and kills
Fact: had two sex this weekend 
Yeah I agree, but I said tits in general as in whoever you like them, not just in size over ass. 

I do think you have a good point in shape over size, nipple I don’t mind much unless it looks like a huge pepperoni lol
Welp, that’s it boys. People starting to put sarcasm tags in their posts here now. WSB has a one way ticket to Fuckedville 
If thinking Cass Martin and Lauren Findley are hot as hell makes me gay, then so be it.
Go go gadget faggot
Shut up Steph you're just a Steph
You are a secretly gay homophobe. Just come out and be yourself.
Because the joke doesn't need that last line you wrote to be funny. It doesn't do anything for the joke other than add another sentence when the joke already ended in the previous one. It's like when someone says something funny and everyone laughs but then they keep talking and keep trying to add to the joke until it's no longer funny anymore.
Honestly, they are probably better than real diamonds since you get to adjust it's chemical structure to your own desires.


And cheaper.
And let's not kid ourselves - unlike the diamond - any relationship here (besides depression and lack of money) isn't going to last.
Except that it's not "real", however much they value the word. I agree with the other dude that synthetic diamonds are cooler for myself as far as the idea of purity and all goes. 

Edit: I think it's just as real if it's synthetic. I'm saying that by some people's definition of the word it wouldn't be as "real" unless naturally formed even if they'd be identical, even if no one could tell them the difference.
Wish I could. They recently halted model 3 production for a few days. Here's hoping that when it comes back on line Friday or Saturday, problems are few and far between and they can get up to capacity. I really desperately want them to be successful. 
How to Win Friends and Influence People For Autists FTFY
Tesla seems like a giant gamble long term. Either they become a car manufacturer like all the rest, or they go bankrupt.

In both scenarios the current value is insane.
I think it's the other way around. Tesla is leading the charge but the Big automakers are probably going to beat Tesla long term.
So you were the only one partaking?
Pulls out too soon.
Time in the thot beats timing the thot
Ayyyy
Happy 3 years of sobriety 
How ironic.
That's how you get HIV.
Exactly what a chickenhawk would say...
More like teens
Found the aging autist. It was a joke, you fucking jabroni.
Modern femininity is really confusing. Do we need to find you poor girls a kitchen to cook in? You start fussing over the dumbest things when you don't have anybody to feed.


Found the other one
^ Just shoot harmless animals instead.
How is this appeal to nature. FAN arises by ascribing superiority to a choice based on it being "natural." 

As in 

P in N therefore P. 


For some proposition P and N being a set of all "natural" propositions.

The comment you replied to did not have a preferred choice.
[deleted]
But you cant turn off the shame
Comic-con?
Have to look up the conversion of cups to bags.
Ah yes, but I’m the best coward!
literally this entire website
That's the right attitude to have here. No go spend next week's check on TSLA
When we were in school, he was honing his skill in faggatry
Oklahoma?
It's tiddies you illiterate pleb
We're all autistic and it's okay http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/12039606
Actually, potatoes have 48 chromosomes while humans have only 46.
OP has 47 though, since he has trisomy 21.
he spent 15k, got back 5k.
Amanhadthreebeautifulgirlfriendsbutdidn'tknowwhichonetomarry.Asatest,hedecidedtogiveeachwoman$5,000toseehowtheywouldspendit.

Thefirstgirlfriendwentoutandgotherselfacompletemakeover.Shetoldhim,"IspendthemoneysoIcouldlookprettyforyoubecauseIloveyousomuch."

Thesecondwentshoppingandboughtthemannewgolfclubs,aniPadandan80-inchflatscreentelevision.Shesaid,"IboughtthesegiftsforyoubecauseIloveyousomuch."

Thethirdwomantookthe$5,000andinvesteditinthestockmarket,doubledherinvestment,returned$5,000tothemanandreinvestedtherest.Shesaid,"IaminvestingtherestofthemoneyforourfuturebecauseIloveyousomuch."

Themanthoughtlongandhardabouthoweachofhisgirlfriendshadspentthemoney,andthenhedecidedtomarrytheonewiththebiggesttits.
Margin Call.
We need guidelines in the event of a tie. There are only so many "common" sizes, and it's highly likely all 3 are well endowed given the man ignoring any other metrics. I say there's a good chance that the other 2 have matching volumes.
What if she the boobs tho
I like this angle
long aardvarks
[deleted]
Merries*
It technically has to involve at least two people for it to count as sex.
Wrinkley nipples are gross too. 

I'd say a naturally fat ass is important because then when you get old when she can't/won't do squats as often anymore you know you're not gonna have flat ass. The bigger the tits the more likely they're gonna sag with age. 
Definitely gay but so repressed that you tell yourself that finding male bodies attractive is totally straight because a vaguely female face is attached to it.
Do they tickle your balls with their beards when they give you head?
Maybe it is not needed. Just additional pun. 
There is only one chemical structure for diamonds
Get help 
There's no difference between the carbon structures mined from Africa and the carbon structures made in a lab, except the lab stuff is cheaper, more ethical, and perfect.
Actually I'm more compelled by the energy storage & solar aspects of TSLA.  
Unless they run out of gas
threesome, his dick and his two hands
it was for the best. I would have had to have the "listen ladies, one of you may not get a turn." conversation.
You need to let go at the peak
That's rarely the problem
More likely never goes deep enough.
These days I spend my gains on heroin, but I appreciate the sentiment all the same
Pshh 
Do you know what that word means. 
If I wanted my prick pulled I'd do it myself
A war would fix that too tbh
He's appealing to the nanural nature of men and saying this natural state is the best.
I was talking about alimony, not child support. 
No, I just have low standards
While we were trading TSLA calls he was mastering the blowjob
*extreme*
No $10k. $5k in cash, and $5k invested in his future
Thanks!
https://i.imgur.com/wn5lbU9.jpg
Ass
It's got to be which one gives better blowjobs with their anus. 
Lol. Pure gold. 
[deleted]
[Lauren Findley](https://i.imgur.com/0WbShxQ.jpg) looks more than vaguely female to me.  
  
Edit: So does Cass Martin: http://i.imgur.com/etBz0z0.jpg
The whole point is it's not needed. It's like you're spreading peanut butter and jelly on an already perfectly made PB&J, it's not gonna change the flavor but it's just stupid to do it...it's already got the shit in it.
Right, and that chemical structure is a **Sc**andium + **Am**ericium amalgam
Not synthetic onessss
Yeah no shit Sherlock, I just said that. That's all I meant by purity... the only difference is your definition of the word "real". It wouldn't be considered "real" by some people if it wasn't naturally formed, even if there was literally no difference. 
That's neat because solar is a massive money loser and should be even more so as subsidies disappear. You got me on energy storage, but there's not a lot preventing others from jumping into this space.
Most makers are already phasing in decent electric alternatives to Tesla and are better equipped in terms of supply lines and resources.
2 no shows, so his arms.......

.... were broken?
Can't tell if ...
Sorry it's not testicular cancer so you can bounce on your balls like a hippity hop, Randy.
[deleted]
He doesn't say natural anywhere. if anything, he says everyone is different, which is clearly a union that covers the entire set of men (eg if you say some men like big tits and some dont, then , by law of excluded middle, you have covered all men).
I know 
$5k returned

SHE invested the other $5k in "our future". If she doesn't have the biggest tits, then he doesn't get the reinvested $5k
P O T A T O

O

T

A

T

O
As long as theyre not rotting there's really no difference. Plus you save money! R/frugal
Good question!
If you have to try and argue that something isn't gay then it's already too late
It’s 2018. There’s no telling what gender xhe is.
[deleted]
The best thing about an americium ring is that the tumors prevent you from taking it off and cheating.
[deleted]
When the installed cost of a solar roof is comparable to the installed cost of a regular roof, the subsidies won't matter.  Well, at least that's the aim.
Then his mom showed up...
monkaS
Not joking. I was sober when I made this username but have since backslid. Luckily the money I gained while sober enabled me to be able to support my habit for many years to come. My blog talks all about responsible budgeting for the heroin addict on the go
It gets the people YOLOing
Is it autists new way of saying cuck?
What are you, down syndromed? It's a self-explanatory term.

> Chickenhawk (chicken hawk or chicken-hawk) is a political term used in the United States to describe a person who strongly supports war or other military action (i.e., a war hawk), yet who actively avoids or avoided military service when of age.


Oh shit forgot about the marriage part
Edgy
Or maybe they're joking.
You will never look like that because you will probably never take PEDs /hormones. That's not natural at all. 
If she didn't want to die, then she shouldn't have made "'Til death do us part" part of the wedding vows.
I know dude..... Idk where my wording got confused 
I ball so hard motherfuckers wanna fine me
No you retard. Chickens go cluck
opdifjsbeuffjhiuzygwefol
Woosh
P O T A T O

O

T

A

T

O
Typical wsb user 
It's OK OP, I still love you
Yeah at first I was reading her response and sort of agreeing with her, but then it went on and on and on
Yeah, he's like a dumb dog. It's kinda adorable.
[deleted]
Had to double check whether he actually tweeted this shit lol
This is good for tesla AND children
Lmfao
This is good for MU
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥

I'm in on Tesla stock
Good format but the dude stole the joke from one of the threads somewhere here on the reddits.

I 'member cause I saw it and laughed
I wish he actually tweeted this. It'd be a hundred times more funny just because of the reactions people would have and the media butch storm that would erupt 
#daddymusk
#brave
I firmly believe that this user is Elon Musk, we know he’s been on the page before.  Hey Musk, you da man!  👍🏻
Fuckin savage lol
Always double down, fuck it. 
The musketeers love submarines. 
I don't need verification after what Daddy Musk tweets I'm no longer surprised. Hello Tsla sub$300 we meet again.
I saw this comment in a thread the other day, I'm glad to see someone made a fake tweet about it.
Thug life
LMFAO that last line threw me for a loop
I hope Elon has a volcano lair
I see many people saying his apology wasn't enough, what else can be done. 
“I meant will-n’t.”
I like it when non-native English women call it tweeter.  
Im p sure I saw the same exact words on reddit.
Double down on MU
Fake tweet, but funny nonetheless 
https://www.quora.com/Whats-the-full-story-behind-Elon-Musks-involvement-with-the-Thai-cave-rescue-effort
it's fucked up he said it. But everyone accused him of bullshit.

someone asked him for help. 

he offered, came up with an idea, double checked with a dive team and even told them "if it's not needed just let me know"

and then everyone just shit all over him. 

he didn't jump on anything. he was asked, i mean the pedo thing is totally fucked up but man he took so much shit and had put up with people lying about the entire situation.
I knew i should have shorted it I knew it. Thought of it last month put the numbers in and everything :/ all i had to do was press the button.
All in TSLA
Lets be honest though, he definitely is a pedo. No single man travels to thailand and hangs out with underage girls just to be friends with them.
Even though this isn’t real, I wish more people would live as fearless as this
I'm just here for the Musk memes
One of us
I hope Tesla investors see this and stroke out
This reminds me of a scene from Family Guy that actually made me lol

https://youtu.be/IxOSoGpjfFw
I would long TSLA if this was real.
this got me lmao... I wanted it to be real
I sooo much wanted this to be real!
He should actually tweet this though.  That dude deserves it. 
😂😂😂
Yeah Im Pretty sure I saw someone comment this EXACT same thing on a post like 12 hrs ago. 
r/goodfaketweets 
Blatantly stolen word for word from a reddit comment yesterday. 
buying TSLA puts tomorrow bitches
Ok. That's just hilarious.
Soooooo musky
Oh shit I died laughing at that 
Oh god damn, he's doubling down!
This is absolutely fucking amazing 
Brilliant.
Soooooooo is he a pedo or not?
r/yesyesyesno
You win! Elon should hire you in his pr team
As a man of science, I was just playing the averages 
The rape would be a financial one.  And he shouldn't be afraid, he should rest assured that Vernon will agree to settle out of court. 
Sheeeeeeeeet
Is there any proof the dude is a pedo?  Curioud
Funny af!!
In the bum bum
#B A S E D

#A

#S

#E

#D
Had to double down on the stupidity.  
Geez that escalated quickly. I almost wish he would have said this
I want this to be real so bad. 
Can someone give me a eli5 I know musk called one of the divers a pedo but what was the backstory, did the guy mess with kids  in the past? 
Living proof that you can be a normal looking guy with a billion dollars and still give off incel vibes 
Who is Vernon
If I were a billionaire, I wouldn't apologize for shit. I will just buy your forgiveness or swim in my pool of money to feel better. 
Master Troll! Show me your ways, Musk.
Tendies
If those kids didn’t go into a fucking cave in the first place he wouldn’t be apologizing for shit. Fuck kids
Savage 
I’m not passive aggressive, unlike *some* people 
At least he did apologize. Shows his overarching intentions were and still are greater than his pride. 
This was definitely an action that made him look childish. If he thinks Vernon is a pedo, which it seems he does, why would elon do something that makes him more childish? Baiting, mayhaps?
In other news, Goldman Sachs just raised the price target for $TSLA Stock to 400 USD.
What? Why?
Gosh DAMMIT! Why can't this be real!? hahaha
He is real Class A! 
This is from a reddit thread !!
Tesla is going down January
Isn't of funny how redditors love billionaires and hate them at the same time.
 Well sir, some of these billionaires have hearts and are popular so we give them a pass lol if they didn't have a big media following we would be on the hate train
Quality shit post.
Such a wannabe Tony Stark
Starting to pull a shkreli with those shitposts
I mean he is for sure a pedo
Absolute madman 
This was someone's comment the other day. Did they get credit?
Is he having a contest with Trump over who can say the stupidest thing and still save some face?
This sub is a bunch of kids LARPing a coke sesh.
Fucking Elon is a serious pussy.  Stand your ground!  Most individuals that can buy your car won't be bothered by the stupid things said!  
OMG. This is gold. A total burn! Keep on doing what you do Elon.
[deleted]
Wait a second ... I come here to find primo leads on how to bilk the proletariat out of their money and I find this ... FUCKING MEMES?

Itsa not so bad, no.
The video starts out with Psy, who is lounging at what looks like a sandy beach, under a sun umbrella and holding a cold drink, but the camera zooms out to reveal he is actually at a playground. The video then alternates between the playground, where a boy (Hwang Min-woo) dances next to him; and a row of horses in stalls, where Psy performs his signature "invisible horse dance". As Psy (and two girls) walk through a parking garage, they are pelted by pieces of newspaper, trash, and snow. At a sauna, he rests his head on a man's shoulder, dressed in blue, while another man covered in tattoos is stretching. He then sings in front of two men playing Janggi (Korean chess), dances with a woman at a tennis court, and bounces around on a tour bus of seniors. The scenes alternate quickly until there is an explosion near the chess players, causing them to dive off the bench. Psy immediately walks towards the camera, pointing and shouting "Oppan Gangnam Style". The chorus starts as he and some dancers perform at a horse stable. He dances as two women walk backwards. He dances at the tennis court, a carousel, and the tour bus. He shuffles into an outdoor yoga session and on a boat. The camera zooms in on a woman's butt, then shows Psy "yelling" at it.

The chorus ends and he is seen at a parking lot, where Psy is approached by a man (Yoo Jae-suk) in a yellow suit who steps out of a red Mercedes-Benz SLK 200; they have a dance duel. He then appears in an elevator underneath a man (Noh Hong-Chul) who is straddling him and thrusting his pelvis. The man in the yellow suit then gets in his car and leaves. The camera pans and it shows Psy in the subway station, where he boards the train and notices an attractive young woman (Hyuna) dancing. At one of the train stops, he approaches the girl in slow motion, and she does the same. They start to embrace. He then tells the girl "Oppan Gangnam Style", and they horse dance along with some others at the train stop, commencing the second chorus. He also surfaces from a spa.

Psy sings to the girl at a night club as people in various costumes walk behind them. He raps in a serious tone in an enclosed space, but when he says "You know what I'm saying" the camera zooms out, and it is revealed that he is actually sitting on a toilet with his pants down. Psy and a large group of dancers do the horse dance and strike a final pose. After a brief reprise of the dance duel, Psy says, "Oppan Gangnam style", and the video finishes with a cartoon graphic.
Fake news.
Bahaha this real? Couldn't find it on his Twitter
Too late cunt.  An apology is worthless if it is late and at the request of your legal team.
Is this fucking real
[deleted]
If Alex Jones can get away with saying the parents of dead kids were actors, then Elon should get a pass with this. Unless we want to hold ourselves to higher standards. 

But this is wsb. Not investing. Not fucking Robinhood. We set the bar, gents. Cocks out for Elon. 
r/murderedbywords
Is this controversy good for business? If shares go down then that would make investors buy at a cheaper rate right?
[deleted]
For reference, here's the actual apology:

https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/1019472152796381185
source: https://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/8zo9or/tesla_investors_demand_elon_musk_apologize_for/e2kmoyk/
Elon Musk: "Vernon wants my submarine."
Was just going to ask if this was real 
Not gonna lie if he actually tweeted that I wouldn't be mad, that made me laugh way harder than I should've 
I wonder how many people here remember it as the top comment in one of the reddit thread yesterday.
Well did he for us not social media users?

.......so......did he?
Wouldn’t put it past musky
Elon Musk. Who gives a shit?
It's from a Reddit comment
Now he has a reason to invite him over to his house. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡ °) 

It was the plat allll alooong.
Last part gave away the answer
-Kem N.
We are ALL pedos on this blessed day.
GOOD point.
Seriously I used to roll my eyes at people who comment this made them laugh at work but I seriously just chuckled so loud people stood up from their cubicles
Who is Vernon, though? Is that the...
Nothing is ever good for MU
Marvel Universe?
Monsters University?
took out a loan in my buddies name since he left his shit out in the open and used the money for T E S L A bby gonna ride this bitch to the top bois
Have an upvote, AND a comment
Majority of twitter shit is stolen straight from Reddit, there are 1000s of accounts that steal original jokes straight off here. 
I saw that comment too! I hope the original guy responds to this post.
I was thinking the same. It was downright fucking hilarious the first time I saw it. I hope that guy gets some credit.
Ur mom stole a joke from my pants.

I 'member cause I was there.
Who cares? The joke is pretty gay anyways.
It’s fake :(
I'd love it too, the reaction media would have would be awesome lol.
>butch storm 

Don’t bring Rachel Maddow into this 
DD: Buy some puts. Im taking some Ambien tonight and then we'll see what happens
Shit he's probably even a mod.
True if huge
Yeah. I think Musk was just reminding us that pedophiles are people too and someight even be heroes when they aren't being pedophiles. But the world isn't ready for that. It was pretty stupid of him to say it. I wouldn't stick my neck out for a pedo like that even if he did save a bunch of kids from drowning. But I don't have a rocket company and a car company and a boring company and a blow torch and... Elon got where he is by being brave enough to be unconventional, even if that means defending heroic pedophiles. Strange world.
[footage of TSLA longs buying @ $300](https://media.giphy.com/media/Fwn1auHR2LUGI/giphy.gif)
He didn't choose the thug life. The thug life chose him
[deleted]
He didn't actually tweet this, to be clear
He's not single, so...
> and hangs out with underage girls just to be friends with them.

Where did this part come from? I thought he ran a diving business and did IT work as well?
What makes you think so?
ikr
Don't forget to post proof tomorrow! 
u can't afford tehm
Other than exploring what i hope were rock caves for 5 years, no
You are retarded
Lol what gives you that idea?
Grimes is an adult tho.
Agreed. Have a downvote
You show some respect.
source: https://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/8zo9or/tesla_investors_demand_elon_musk_apologize_for/e2kmoyk/
Yes, it's real. [Proof](https://i.imgur.com/LUTvf3i.jpg).
1. It wasn’t even an apology because it twists into a joke that makes the same insult. 2. It’s not a real tweet.
Called rescue diver a pedo
He basically did tweet this tho. "allegations of my sexual relations with a minisub".
Unbeatable insanity wolf
I would’ve had a shirt made out of it. He would officially have the biggest balls of anyone. EVER. 
*Wouldn't
I needed this to be real, I wouldve gives up on humanity happy af. 
It would sound like the typical Trump clap back. Happens day in and day out
Nah trump already won that
This is the first and last time i upvote a comment using the term dank
Fuckkkk could you imagine if he did hahaha. Take my money Elon, you win at everything 
Womp womp
> [No better way to convince people you didn’t fuck the submarine than getting hopping mad when someone suggests that you fucked the sub, good work brother](https://twitter.com/boobie_styles/status/1019567449497366528)

I can't breathe....
I don't have Twitter so I thought I was looking at a really long screen shot until it just didn't stop.... 
Fuck that tweet he replied to is culty.
Thank you!
I'm honestly surprised he apologized he's gotten ANGRY on twitter lately. Hopefully this is his moment of self examination where he cones back from the edge.
Short of going back to Thailand to personally apologize to the diver, this is probably the best move Musk could've made.

It's shitty if he only apologized because his investors pressured him, though. But if it's a genuine apology, then hopefully this is the final lesson it takes for Musk to remember to stay off Twitter when he's emotional/responding to criticism.

Time will tell whether or not this was a genuine lesson for Musk to have learned. Let's keep an eye on his Twitter and see how the next month or so goes.
> 
DorotheaBrooke
@heterochromance
11h
Replying to @elonmusk and @adamchavez
You should also apologize to the people of Thailand for implying that the only reason a foreigner would live there is pedphilia.

There just isn't winning with some people. 
Im too lazy to check... is this not Elons twitter
Can’t tell if you did that on purpose or if it’s a funny mistake 
- Michael Scott 
Speak for yourself
Yeah umm I'm gonna need you to get those TPS reports on my desk by tomorrow so if you could just do that that would be great thanks
How many Albert Einsteins do you work with? 
lol
wait what
Yeah, I got beer up my nose laughing 
No they didn’t. At most they glanced in your direction. Why make stuff up?
That’s really sad that a chuckle is so rare in your office that others felt the need to investigate 
I’m trying to hold in the laugh so my coworkers don’t ask questions.
What about burning down Samsungs and SkHynix fabs ?
AMAT*

FTFY
This is good for LIGMA
https://m.imgur.com/gallery/J3WYR
Get out.
Now this is how you minimize risk. 
The fuck 
Why thank you!
I wouldn't be surprised if there are successful standups who exclusively use good jokes they find on Reddit.

Obviously it would be a chore to find a good joke on Reddit. But when you run into one, it's gold (usually literally--people often gild good jokes). And who'd know your standup is compiled from a 100 different random Redditors from a history of past submissions?
I would actually argue the opposite. A lot of reddit's most popular subs are strictly dedicated to curating content from Twitter(BPT, WPT, bikini bottom twitter). Infact without Twitter the would be pretty huge holes on 2018 Reddit but I can't say it would be the same the other way around.
[I, too, saw this comment yesterday.](https://reddit.com/r/news/comments/8zo9or/_/e2kmoyk/?context=1)

Credit: /u/Troutcandy
Full credit to this guy. He made the original joke and I 'Inspect Elemented' it onto a Musk tweet.
Don’t forget to toss in a few xans and addy to really get the tweets going! 
You guys are alright ... don't buy calls tomorrow
Racist puts? 
You think he's not?
Yuugge* FTFY
Fuck off pedo
nothing thin skinned about it, really, if a few people make fun of you, and you lash out, that's thin skin. 

if thousands do it based on lies, i mean i don't know how you consider that to be thin skinned. 

that's like when zach galifinakis crashes the car in due date, drives it off a bridge and totals it, then later he references it and says it was a fender bender.. pretty big difference.
Maybe. Why would you think that?

Edit: upvoted for visibility
Retired to Thailand and "threatened" legal action but won't take it because he knows what it will unearth
Man, what a respectable asshole.
Toolbags being tools. 
Thank you kind, non-asshole redditor 😁. I was hoping it was actually real. Never know what to expect from him anymore
Link to the actual tweet?
[deleted]
No he's responding to the comment by the (tor)pedo guy about sticking his submarine up his own ass. This is not doubling down to ridicule that guy, but just a PG explanation of what was said
I swear this sub has comprehension issues
fuck off, you had your fun but there is nothing to hate about this apology. He fucked up and owned up. At least he didn't said "I misspoke". 
Holy fuck that was topical.
If you fuck a mini sub & you're not aware there's a kid on board does that make you a pedo?  Asking for a wealthy friend. 
The person who said "Journalism is dead", or the person who wrote the Quora article?
That Stephanie girl is fucking intense. Fox news level of mental gymnastics.
Daddy Musk is actually the best journalist, but his time is too important to revive a dead and dishonest industry, and my daddy DID NOT have sexual relations with that submarine
> his actions against me.

The fact he prhased it that way tells more than enough about the hollowness of this apology and how  much of a narcissist he is.
Of course it was because of the pressure. His major shareholders wrote open letters telling him to cut the bullshit and get back to making cars, while at the same time his lawyers said this guy might sue his ass off. It's not a genuine apology, in fact, it's not an apology at all. "I'm sorry.. even though this guy was being a huge dick to me first and I was just responding!" is not how you write an apology to someone unless you are 11 years old. 
To be fair, though, he did imply that the only reason a foreigner would live there is pedophilia.
I still can't tell 
We are all live in a society
I am al
rrrrrrrrrrrrrrriiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiight
^^^^^I ^^^^^was ^^^^^told &nbsp;&nbsp; ^^^^^that ^^^^^I ^^^^^could ^^^^^listen ^^^^^to ^^^^^the ^^^^^radio ^^^^^at ^^^^^a ^^^^^reasonable &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ^^^^^volume
The CPS reports too
To be fair, if one of my coworkers just started laughing at their desk, I would ask what was funny.
haha
#Seriously I used to roll my eyes at people who comment this made them laugh at work but I seriously just chuckled so loud people stood up from their cubicles
the only good news for MU is no news
It's called a YOLO, you pussy.
Why not you're welcome 
I'd be so ok with a huge hole in Reddit shaped like all the Twitter subs tbh
There is a huge difference between a sub dedicated to a particular sites posts, and taking things from a site and posting them as your own original joke.
Apparently he’s super into nootropics
The bar prep cocktail. 
This sub cracks me up. I mean, you guys are all pieces of shit, but it's hysterical. Maybe I'm a piece of shit too
You misunderstood me. I'm not defending the fucking pedo. I'm defending Musk. He shouldn't have congratulated a pedo, but he's Elon Musk. He doesn't give a fuck. I wish the pedo had been outed before all this. Who let him into a cave with kids anyway. I'd rather those kids all drown than this pedo get any chance to save/harm them.
You're just mad you can't afford his car.
Woosh
Short for Torpedo because he's an excellent diver
One of the rescue divers, a british expat living in Thailand criticised Elon for shameless PR promoting his sub, a device that was next to useless, in a cave situation.  Elons rely was to twice on twitter call the guy a pedo.  Total cunt who should get sued big time.
Anything can be a dildo if you're brave enough. 
What use would the sub have been anyway?
It's *not* a PG explanation of what was said and it *is* doubling down, because Vern's "he can stick his submarine where it hurts" was never about sex, it was basically Vern saying, Musk can fuck right off with that. 

Also, you're yourself doubling down with your "(tor)pedo guy" remark. 
I pointed this out in another sub and some dumbfuck was trying to tell me that ISN’T what was implied. I went to town on him. 
I thought, cleverly of the diver it meant his ego not his ass.
You can’t deny that this expat deadass looks like a pedo, what on earth is he doing in Thailand?! 
reddit as a whole does. 
More like decompression
Musk fanboy? 
Bill Clinton is that you?
It makes you as much of a pedo as fucking a beautiful human submarine would.
The former.
He does journalism after his 100 hour work day on the Tesla factory floor.
Serious question, what else is there that other asian countries don't have?
It isn't
Speak for yourself 
Bottom text
Hi al
Meeting with the Bobs
I AM SO HAPPY I FINALLY UNDERSTAND THESE REFERENCES. 
chuckle
so let's go burn down Bloomberg News
Username checks out.
You mean a YOYO? Fucking whiplash over here from being jerked around.
But that's not even mind altering 
CANT HAVE SPACE CARS WITHOUT MY PIRACETAM
At least he didn't call him a furry
Start a kickstarter!
My daily commute is farther than their battery load can handle. Isn’t even an option for me. But I did think about the 3. But again I couldn’t drive it for work. 
Lol sorry this went over my head I guess. I don't use verrit. Would it have been so difficult to link to the actual tweet or just say it got deleted?
[deleted]
directions unclear. Blender stuck in dick.
Even Peter Dinklage?
Sarah NO!
Ew
Idk I think it doesn't count as a dildo if all it does is crush pelvises
this why your mom has like 37 medal of honors?
[deleted]
Great PR pics for his Instagram.
did you have sex with him or am I misunderstanding
That seems quite optimistic.

I'm pretty sure the expression the diver used seems to explicitly be the expression of "up your ass."

Like, it's possible he meant "up your ego," but I have no idea how that could be assumed.
It's people in general. They say 50% of people are dumber than the average person but I think it's closer to 80%
Yeah, i like musk. And when he fucked up i didn't excused him once, feel free to check my comment history. The fact that I'm a fan of his work doesn't mean I'm blind to reason, the way hating his guts seems to affect others.
I dunno

Maybe ask around in /r/Thailand
The Buddhist lineage known as the Thai Forest Tradition
www.tigermuaythai.com
I are all live in a society *on this blessed day*
The philosophers stone! Ultimate taboo! Human Transmutation! Elric Brothers! Al, Al!!!
Jump....... to Conclusions mat.
Tehehe
Goldman will remember this. 
depends what you consider a nootropic
daily commute to work is over 300 miles?
Find a new "career"
Still Woosh

I'll give you the answer you're looking for. It doesn't exist and never did.
He strayed into dangerous territory by saying he thought it was true (he literally said bet you a signed dollar it is true). Not everywhere  is the United States and he came pretty close to saying something that could make him liable. 
I’m not sure what the legality is to be honest.  Calling someone a pedo to n a public c forum is pretty slanderous and many countries have laws against that.
[deleted]
r/dickblender
If you're into midgets I guess. 
One of these days you'll come up with a devastating insult. Keep at it!
It might take a few hours to come out. 
Think of all that exposure!
I realized the connotation after I wrote it. I almost said “I went to town on his ass” .... oops
Hahaha
This society got so alive because it has no natural predators 
snort followed by soft cackling 
Yuppppp. I drive from anywhere between 2000/3000 miles a week. I drive a manual and do it in the Bay area. I get to see a pretty ocean when I get home. So thats nice. 
Sadly not as rare as you may think factoring round trip, plenty of people trying to break into top careers in LA/SF/NYC that cant afford intially to live close to the city.

My brother in law used to have a 320mile round trip, took him two and a half hours each way, did it for 2 years before being able to afford to move closer.

Winners gotta make sacrifices bruh.
Free healthcare 100%. Perks out the but. Free giants games. Plus tons of free vacations. Its ok. Plus they are assisting with my CPM. I’ll be sure I take a 15 year olds points seriously. One of these days. 
Boooooooo
[deleted]
[deleted]
You obviously aren't watching the right hentai.  
What about blenders into urethras?
Docking
r/subsyoufellfor
I have a sick need for this to be a thing.
[Timely relevant](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N98fDZg33is)

Relevance--0:33.
[I'm a bad person for linking this.](https://gfycat.com/FlawlessHollowBluet)
it's a perfectly valid way to win an argument
If you made that comment directly to Musk he would definitely call you a pedo and say that you started it with your sexual remarks.
Is this supposed to be a realistic depiction of someone nonchalantly laughing at something on their computer? Because I'm pretty sure the rest of us sure as fuck don't "cackle" unless we've just revealed our plan for world domination.
You’re out of you mind my friend. 
I’m glad you think that makes you a winner.  Enlighten me as to what a top career is? 
So he drove highway speed with no traffic both ways in a major metropolitan area?  Color me impressed
BOOOOOOOOO
Employees don't even have the right to file a collective lawsuit over wage theft by employers anymore, so no you really can't sue for most things in America anymore even when it is 100% warranted. 
No, making defamatory remarks in public forums is what’s fucked.  
If it’s just the tips it ain’t gay.
Basically, a [calcium-phosphate kidney stone](https://kidneystones.uchicago.edu/files/Kidney_stone-1170x500.jpg).

Passing it in 14 days is half the fun!
r/hashsubsastagreddits
Head over heels 
Right? Assert dominance. 
Might start another incident 😳
Oh i suck, my brother in laws the winner, i wouldnt be prepared to make that sacrifice, just broadening your horizons that its not unheard of, like you seem to think it was, #staywoke #moveoutofhomeandseetheworld
Probably took him longer, never did it with him, fuck that, i enjoy my bed too much. Just know where he lived and where he worked. I used to have to make a 90 mile one way commute and that sucked enough, fuck any longer. Not THAT driven to be successful 
BOOOOOOOO x2 😈
Prepare for docking
If you have the tip in already, you might as well shove the rest of the dildo up your dick.  The tip is the hard part.  
It’s only gay if you make eye contact or push back.,, 
id rather fly to switzerland and have myself killed than spend 14 days slowly shredding my urethra
r/yetanothersubyoufellfor








I wonder if anyone will fall for this one 
That'd be a hellof a crossover
ass-ert it right into his ass
What’s his career? I know people make long commutes, but I also realize that it’s stupid to waste that much of your life doing it. Hashtags? I think you got lost on your way to twitter. 
The notion that anyone would have to live 160 miles away from any city (yes even NYC or SF) to be able to afford housing is completely ridiculous.  I completely doubt everything about this.  In any major city you would be lucky if that distance only took 3.5 hours to travel.  9 hours of work and 7 hours of travel would leave you exactly 8 hours to spare each day